Post: I'm putting my extremely profoundly disabled 7 year old into a residential facility so I can forget he exists. I'm not sorry.
Top Comment: Take your other son to Disney or some other vacation for a week on the 30th.

Also, get counseling for him and for you when you get home.

Post: I added Tabasco to Wendy’s chili and used it to get second place in a chili cook off.
Top Comment: Work smart not hard

Post: Cop pulled me over and I called 911 and lied to get out of going to jail.
Top Comment: I once got out of a ticket because the cop got called to another scene... not my doing, but I was sure thankful!

Post: I used to bully my disabled brother for years
Top Comment: I am disabled and able since birth. I am so happy to know you want to treat your brother better. I have been told by my mom more than once that she doesn't love me more because I am handicapped and she does not know how to love me more. She rubs it in my face every time she wants to hang out with my brother and sister who are not disabled. I have never been jealous of my siblings. I like that our mom loves them. I know it would break their hearts if they found out our mom loves them more than me. I will never tell them. I have never resented them or whatever. I don't say this to you to make you feel bad. I just wanted to show you my support, even though our situations are polar opposites. I am sure your brother loves you unconditionally and will accept your apology. He is lucky to have a brother who loves him. :) I hope this can be the beginning of a beautiful friendship between you and your brother. \*huge hug\* I am rooting for both you and your brother during this painful time.

Post: I’ve stolen hundreds of dollars worth of water just by saying 5 words
Top Comment: I absolve you of your sins. Enjoy your water.

Post: I thought I was a pretty good dad until I was tested
Top Comment: I worked nights back when my daughter was little. She was always very well behaved and when I'd sleep a little longer through the mornings she'd just watch her movies till I got up.  One morning I woke up to her poking me in the face. I looked up and said "hey, what's up?"  And she said "you didn't make me lunch!"  I looked over at the clock and it was 2pm. "Oh damn, i'm sorry sweetie lemme get up". She looked at me with an angry smirk and said "You didn't make me breakfast either!"

Then
https://imgur.com/a/y5DH5

Now
https://imgur.com/a/uBzJh

Edit: Thanks to this post my daughter joined reddit. :) it's a good day.

Post: I run a fake restaurant on a delivery app.
Top Comment: I think I probably ordered from you. So much shitty delivery food.

Post: My little cousin cracked my iPhone XS Max screen. Made my aunt pay $329 knowing I have apple care and it only cost me $29
Top Comment: I mean it was still basically that much if you have to pay for apple care

Post: I stole over $20,000 in a very creative way in the 90's
Top Comment: [removed]

Post: I killed an elderly man in front of his wife and basically his entire family.
Top Comment: I am so surprised that woman had so much maturity to tell you that and hugged you. Classy.

Post: I slept with my daughters ex boyfriend, he got me pregnant and I had an abortion. They got back together and got married.
Top Comment: And THIS is the reason I come here! God damn. 

Post: I overcharged over 5,000 people.
Top Comment: That's how the mafia works. 

Post: Found out my dead best friend was in love with my wife
Top Comment: He not only loved your wife. He loved you just as much.

Post: I cheated to get my bachelors and my masters degree
Top Comment: The top student that our department had cheated her way through school and only took classes that her friends had taken (they had the exams). Cried to professors about how hard it was for her and got them to raise her grades. She is in all of our magazines, posters, and banners. If I sound salty is because I am


Edit: This blew up way more than I expected, thank you so much for the gold! 
And man some of you are a little toxic, I’m certain she didn’t sleep with anyone, our faculty is pretty awesome I guess just shitty at handling uncomfortable situations. If anyone wants an update, she graduated but changed career paths, she was in a STEM subject and now is working for a marketing agency, it is what it is, at least I’m working in the field of the degree I paid for. 

Post: My Aunt hit my mother so I dragged her across the floor and punched her till she passed out
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: Any post with Avengers:Endgame spoilers will result in a permanent ban
Top Comment: They all win because they all participated.

Post: Whenever I see someone in an expensive car I purposely choose to not look at them so as not to inflate their ego.
Top Comment: I do the same with loud or revving engines. And loud music. A small "fuck you"

Post: I gave a lactose intolerant customer dairy on purpose
Top Comment: Rule number one is you don’t fuck with the people who make your food.

Post: I purposely go wash all the dishes at holiday dinners so I don’t have to talk to anyone
Top Comment: Because you're anti-social or because you don't like your family?

Post: My 2 nephews are complete shitheads, so I get them gifts that are noticeably inferior to the gifts I give their cousins.
Top Comment: I am the oldest of 6. Last year I got all of my siblings great personal gifts except my little brother who had been a complete asshole all year so I got him a book entitled “How to not be an asshole” 

I think he got the message 

Edit: wow thanks for the karma and the gold 
Here’s the link to the book How Not to Be a Dick: An Everyday Etiquette Guide https://www.amazon.com/dp/1936976021/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_U4AiCbB1RSWGA

Post: Before I went to bed, I called my girlfriend with a low battery and told her I'll talk to her until my phone died. She began talking about the Bachelor and I pretended my phone died by hanging up.
Top Comment: Maybe she started to talk about the Bachelor because she knew you would hang up

Post: After 13 years clean and 8 years of marriage, I did heroin 3 weeks ago and almost came close to fully relapsing.
Top Comment: Don’t give up.  No cure to addiction and the goal is to learn how to live with it.  Keeping a secret and trying to ignore cravings will just force you to relapse and hide. Don’t set yourself up.   

Go to a meeting, an outpatient program, or something that supports your struggle.  

Post: I Lured a Homeless Woman to My House, Hoping To Fuck Her
Top Comment: Now that’s a confession

Post: 8 years ago I caused a UFO panic
Top Comment: This is amazing. Funnily enough, I wrote the article you cited. And today, I'm the sole reporter working the late shift at the same news organization. I just looked at our traffic and was like WTF? Why is this 8 year old UFO article suddenly buzzing? Cheers mate, I remember that day well.  Created some fun out of what I recall was a slow news day.  

Post: I kept the display tablets at Target instead of destroying them
Top Comment: I would much rather hear that people like you are taking them home and using them , or, giving them to people who could use them - instead of throwing them away.

Post: I faked my resume and now I'm in the shit..........
Top Comment: you're going to have to play it off, b.
watch the movie catch me if you can to motivate you
good luck

Post: I snooped on the CEO's email account and got myself unfired
Top Comment: Hell yes bro, that's how you fucking do it.

Post: I just told someone I was too tired from day-drinking to hang out but it's actually because I had eight hotdogs today and I feel like I'm going to die.
Top Comment: No one wants to admit eating nine cans of ravioli

Post: I give my 3 year old son counterfeit fast food
Top Comment: this is brilliant.

Post: When I was younger I saw a lady drop 100 dollars, I picked it up and used all of it on Yu-GI-Oh cards right in front of her
Top Comment: I once found 10 dollars on the floor in GameStop, I left it there as I assume it was someone’s else’s and I didn’t want to steal. When I went to pay for my game I noticed I was 10 dollars short. I connected the dots and those 10 dollars on the floor where mine to begin with. I went back and they were gone. I had to go back to my dad and tell him I lost part of the money he gave me. he screamed and shit but went and bought the game for me.

Post: I found my Brothers suicide note on Reddit and didn't tell anyone.
Top Comment: I got halfway through your post before realizing he is still alive. 

Kind of changed what I was reading.

Post: I work in a bakery
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: For three years, I switched my partner's tea in the morning because I couldn't deal with his fake snobbery.
Top Comment: I can feel the Britishness in this post

Post: I took a shit in my roommates $300 Uggs because he had sex with my boyfriend on my bed when I was in a psychiatric hospital after a suicide attempt
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: When I was in middle school my friend (J) told me that he liked a girl (L). L then told me the next day that she liked J. But they both told me not to tell anyone. So I didn't. Lmao
Top Comment: True neutral

Post: When I nannied I would read the journal of the mom.
Top Comment: That is sad.

&#x200B;

My ex wife had   post pregnancy depression. We almost divorced at that stage.. but that is not a time I would want over in my life again.

Post: I lied to a blind neighbor and told him I moved away
Top Comment: I bet he could smell you and knew

Post: I call fake orders in to a pizza place to get free pizzas.
Top Comment: This reminds me of when I worked at a pizza place. The owner was a cool guy and joked around a lot. A co-worker's grandpa ordered pizza one night and never showed. The co-worker came in for work the next day, and the owner said some joke along the lines of, "Amanda, tell your grandpa thanks for not picking his pizza up last night. It was *DELICIOUS!* Her response: "My grandpa died last night." Her grandpa pulled over having a heart attack on his way to pick up the pizza and died in his car. It was innocent because he had no way to know, but pretty shitty time to joke about a no-show.

Edit: For those asking why she came in the next day: I don't know that we got paid bereavement time there (I doubt we did, but I can't verify because I never had to check into it). If it wasn't paid, I'm guessing she needed the money. If it was paid, she may have planned to use it closer to/on the date of the funeral. 

When my grandpa passed (while I was at a different employer, which was in retail), his viewing was on Black Friday. I worked that morning and spent the rest of the day at the funeral home. I only used one day of bereavement for the day off the funeral. I don't remember if I was scheduled the day after he passed, but if I was, I was there.

Post: I plagiarised my entire dissertation and I got caught.
Top Comment: Hey, I cant speak for your friends but I am a mom, so here is my mom perspective, since I sense your parents and I share the same thinking. I wouldn't want my son carrying this weight on his own. Will I be disappointed? Sure I will, but I carried my boy under my heart for 9 months and if I were to know he carried this secret on his own for so long I would be heartsick.  I would want to support him, and listen to him and just hug him the fuck so tight because people make mistakes, but these are the ones you learn from.  I would want to make him tea and carefully discuss the way forward and how to manage the outcome, and perhaps getting him therapy because I sense more than just a feeling of being helpless.

But most of all, I will just make sure my home is a safe space for him to deal with all of this. My love for him wouldnt change, my support wouldnt change and I would keep sacrificing for my kid. I would not see it as a spit to the face.  I would be stern and honest in my disappointment but never ever would my love and support as a parent waiver.

Talk to your parents, you are going to need them more than ever. Talk to your councillor. Talk to your hearing committee. Best of luckxxx

Post: I stole my friend's folder in 3rd grade, and looking back I deserved to get sent to a mental hospital for what I did.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I intentionally ask women well above the legal age limit(alcohol) to show me their ID
Top Comment: I remember back when i worked as a cashier my manager said i have to ID everyone. She then informed me old ladies will find it flattering. 
Old dudes tho? They don't like that shit. 

Post: I gave my friend a fatal dose of heroin and it still haunts me
Top Comment: I gave my friend the number of my connect and he got high and hanged himself that hight.  It still haunts me.  But I am trying to make living amends. You're doing the same thing by staying sober.  That's all you can do.  💜

Post: When I was 16, I used to mow the lawn for extra cash and I realised that if raised the mower to the highest level, it cut less grass and allowed me to mow twice as much. I was mowing three times a week at one stage and my dad just thought he had overly fertile lawn.
Top Comment: My parents had one of those manual push mower things when we were kids... i applaud your brilliance and envy your childhood. 

Post: I make copies of other people’s keys for personal use
Top Comment: It’s a dangerous game, which you obviously know, so why do you still play it?

Post: I used to work at a fast food restaurant that gave out lollipops in its kids meals. Whenever two meals were ordered, I'd put two lollies in one of the meals, and only one in the other, just to imagine the issues it would cause between the two kids.
Top Comment: Now THIS is why I follow this sub

Post: I stole my dads car at night to lose my virginity to a chick i had never met.
Top Comment: Now this.. this is a confession!

Post: I made my brother think he has alopecia for the last fifteen years.
Top Comment: LOL he has probably given other alopecia sufferers lots of false hope over the years, telling them how great that special shampoo worked for him.

Post: I shit on my neighbors door step
Top Comment: That last line really got me.

Post: I am accidentally my son’s ghostwriter.
Top Comment: Same thing happened to me from the other side. My parent wrote a research paper to help me out. I was shocked when the teacher had me stand up in class and read *my* paper as an example of what all students should be doing. I felt like a total fraud. 

Check in w your son that he's not stressing over this too much, eh?

Post: I lie about having my university degree and it got me a great job
Top Comment: You should probably stay at that job your entire career. There would be a huge risk of getting caught if you applied for a different company now.

Post: When I was a server I threw a customers phone into a trash compactor
Top Comment: I would have done the same exact thing

Post: I pretended I was selling something on Craigslist and got two strangers to meet awkwardly
Top Comment: Was anyone else hoping that the end of the story would go ...

“They instantly connected and decided to catch a movie together since they’d come all the way down to the mall anyway

That was five years ago. They’re getting married today and they asked me to officiate”

Rom-com gold right there IMHO

Post: When I was in high school, I attached clear packing tape to a dollar and put it into a vending machine. Right before the dollar went all the way in, I would pull it out, which allowed me to get a soda and 50 cents change.
Top Comment: Remorse is sodapressing.

Post: After my bike was locked by campus police for being illegally parked, I damaged property to get my bike free and get out of a ticket
Top Comment: Stopped by a local college to pop into the bookstore to buy a present from my cousin who had just graduated high school and would be attending there in the fall.  Get back to my car to find a ticket, for not parking in the designated for students area and for not having a permit sticker.

Head over to the security office to explain I'm not a student, they're having none of it, telling me if I don't pay up they're going to put a hold on my account so i can't get my grades for the semester or some shit.  Explain again and again I am not, and will never be a student here.  

Ok guys.  I'm just gonna leave then.  Was weird as hell.

Post: Our first daughter was raped at 14 and we raised the baby as our own child. Our first daughter committed suicide and we carried on raising the baby. My grandchild thinks we're her parents and I cant bring myself to tell her the truth even now
Top Comment: Please seek a trusted therapist so that you can talk through your options and have support. You two are both incredibly strong and kind people, don't forget to be kind to yourselves too

Post: I lied about my height for most of high school
Top Comment: I am a part of a very tall family where all men over 18 are above 6 foot with one notable exception: my uncle who claims to be 6 foot even though we all know he is 5'10".

Post: I stole $40 from my mom to buy a can of Pringles
Top Comment: Lol 40 dollars for Pringles

Post: I canceled my boss's birthday party at the last minute
Top Comment: You should have called back a few minutes later to setup another reservation with approximately the same amount of people for 15 minutes after. That way, they would be too booked when they got there.

Post: I destroyed my work project, and I hope I get fired
Top Comment: Good on you, OP! I hope that you find a job that values your commitment, loyalty, and astute problem solving skills, and that you shit in that mustard before giving the asshat another deli sandwich. Also, see if that other manager will discreetly give you a good reference!

Post: I anonymously put my friends phone number on a gay Craigslist add
Top Comment: I can't do that b/c my friend is gay and this would bring him pleasure

Post: I eat fries out of the bag on the drive home and then take the one which have the most left for myself.
Top Comment: You're just taking what you're owed for being the one to go pick it up. It's your delivery fee.

Post: I’ve been high for over a year
Top Comment: Make sure to take a tolerance break once a while so it’ll take less for you to get high therefore saving you money in the long run

Post: I made my school believe they broke my iPad and made them buy me a new one.
Top Comment: in my school they actually broke my phone but they just told me to fuck off and that it was my fault because I shouldnt have brought it to school to beging with

Post: I once skunked a bottle of wine given to a bullying manager on my team then gave it to her
Top Comment: Good thing the company realized how toxic she was. Shitty managers are bad for everyone.

Post: I (25M) had sex for money with people ( Males and females) for money for an entire year to pay for my rent and my thyroïd operation.
Top Comment: Are you bisexual? Or did you force yourself to have sex with both sexes?

Post: At my first job, I accidentally took the key to the storage room home with me in my shirt pocket. I didn’t even realize I was the one who took it until after they busted the door down and replaced the lock! I actually helped look for it lmao! I never told anyone and still have the key to this day.
Top Comment: I did that once and they had to get the lock replaced. I never said a word lol

Post: I used to work in a shoe shop and deliberately sold a customers shoes whilst she was trying on shoes, just to make her buy a new pair.
Top Comment: I would rather do almost any other job than that

Post: I sold sodas in high school after a ban of soft drinks was put into place to pay for senior fees. I ratted out my compettition.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I won my sister her only hs scholarship
Top Comment: She should have given you at least half of the prize.. You're a good person for helping her by the way!! 

Post: i purposely left keys i knew that my boss needed in her locked office to show how dumb it is to have one entire set of keys for three different restaurants and kitchens
Top Comment: If you don't trust any of your employees to hold a set of keys, that is a problem in itself

Post: When I was a kid I would wipe my ass with towels that were hanging up.
Top Comment: “Why does EVERYONE in this house keep getting pink eye??”

Post: When I'm constipated I envision myself as a chicken who must lay an egg so a poor farmer can eat breakfast.
Top Comment: Top 5 favorite confession. Lmao holy shit. 

Post: I pretended to be the merch guy at a concert so I could steal t-shirts.
Top Comment: The Mormon Tabernacle Choir Merch is hard to come by...

Post: [No Regrets] After a briefly successful suicide attempt 8 months ago, I visited the bathroom I died in and words cannot express how grateful I am to be alive right now.
Top Comment: Congratulations Op, glad you got a second chance at life

Post: I kicked a kid in his balls and he had to have one removed.
Top Comment: Holy f*ck! The size of a tennis ball?! You must have kicked faster than the speed of light!

Post: I trash my coworkers mugs and dishes when they leave it soaking in the community sink.
Top Comment: I hope the janitor doesn’t get blamed for throwing things away...

Post: I met my current boyfriend by slipping him my number while he was on a date with someone else and I was their server.
Top Comment: I don’t know how I’d feel if I was in the other girl’s shoe. Would’ve hurt me quite bad if I was into him. 

Post: For every written exam in college political science, I spent the 90 minutes doodling and wiring nonsense only to get up and return the pre-written bluebook copied from my friend who took the class the previous semester.... I got a B. he got a C.
Top Comment: My professor had us turn in the blue books before exams you lucky prick

Post: I always thank Siri and Alexa because I feel bad bossing them around and also I want the AIs to remember my kindness once the robot uprising is upon us.
Top Comment: By posting this online you are letting them know that your kindness is not sincere.  You will not be spared.

Post: I conspired with our local brewpub to stop selling my husband growlers of IPA because the beer made him smell so bad.
Top Comment: [removed]

Post: I ended a girl’s gymnastics career when I karate kicked a door open and broke her toe
Top Comment: "I'm about to end this girl's whole career"

Post: I stole and used my college roommate’s fleshlight, then threw it out
Top Comment: He knew you took it. Also if he really bought it as a joke and was never going to use it, don't you think he noticed it was gone a little fast?

You ejaculated inside the flashlight your friend ejaculated into. That's a new level of sloppy seconds.

Post: I sent a prostitute to my boss' hotel room
Top Comment: Lol the lady said “white man sent me” and he knew

Edit: My highest rated comment is about prostitution 

Post: I stole a microwave from Walmart out of desperation
Top Comment: I was coming here to say, how in the hell did you sneak out of Walmart with a microwave? Like that doesn’t fit down your pants mate. Receipt was a solid play.

Post: I lied about completing a project in the 8th grade and passed anyway.
Top Comment: Anyone else read the title as “passed away”?

edit: guess most people lol.

Post: I secretly changed our bed
Top Comment: what if she found out, flipped the bed again and you are the one that hasn't realized yet.

Post: My favourite thing working as a window washer was going through peoples private possessions.
Top Comment: It's weird to me that people just let a random stranger into their house when they weren't there. I always thought of window washers as people who only wash the outside of big buildings. If it's someone's home why don't the people living there just wash the inside themselves?

Post: I recorded a porno over my aunt’s wedding video
Top Comment: It’s like a Tarantino movie. First you see Cindy getting ready to start her new life and family. Then it cuts to future Cindy and shows all the things she has to do to make it in the corporate world. Getting that promotion is key...Darrel just lost his job and little Suzzie needs braces that aren’t covered by insurance. Then it cuts back to happier and simpler times, to show what she’s putting her boss’ dick in her mouth for. 

You made a god damned piece of art, my friend. 



Post: I yelled at my grandpa who is suffering from dementia, now it's the last memory he had of me
Top Comment: He would have forgiven you. It's not just the one moment in life that counts its the whole life experiencethat counts, and you don't get to his age without realising that we all have ups and downs. Go easy on yourself kiddo, he clearly loved you and you love him and fuck anything else, don't let that get in the way. Please forgive yourself.

Post: I used to go into random homes in my neighborhood when the occupants weren't home.
Top Comment: I find it funny how you wanted to fuck with people but sort of respected their boundaries at the same time

Post: I entered a strangers house to avoid a DUI
Top Comment: The amount of luck here is staggering.

Post: I asked an Asian guy for more Kimchi at a Korean barbecue. Turns out, he didn't work there, and I'm just racist.
Top Comment: There, there. This will be one of those 3am brain-won’t-stop-replaying-my-worst-moments memories, so the next time you’re in this scenario, you’ll probably remember.

Post: Indirectly Broke a dryer at a laundromat then gave a fake name and number to the owner
Top Comment: That’s why he has insurance and unless you did it on purpose I don’t think he has any legal ground regardless. I don’t know though. Either way I sure as shit don’t blame you. 

Post: I sold fake drugs
Top Comment: Sell them vitamin E pills, tell them exactly what it is, but emphasize the 'E' and wink at them.
Told them the truth, can't get in trouble. If think you meant ecstacy that's on them!

Post: I Almost strangled my mother to death when I was 15
Top Comment: You know what, stories like this always make me wonder why having mental illness or trouble is characterized as being weak. You went through so much. You pushed so hard. You're stronger than me and everyone else I know. Thank you for still being here today.

Post: I used to steal coffee from Starbucks.
Top Comment: I would think they’d catch on at some point

Post: Sometimes I make it extra cold in my room at night so my boyfriend and cat snuggle extra close to me
Top Comment: Except my wife will, inevitably, reach up under my shirt with her icicles that she calls fingers. I, unfortunately, am a furnace, so am always giving off radiant heat (even the cats seem to know).
Those first few seconds of frosty touching. Brrrrrr!

Post: I shoplifted over $6,000 worth of clothing in one stint.
Top Comment: At first I was gonna make a joke like “did you take a single sock from supreme?” Or something when I saw the title

Post: I stole thousands of dollars in change over 2 years working at McDonalds
Top Comment: There's a girl working the cash register at chipotle that always shortchanges me and then acts stupid when I correct her. I think she's running the same racket as OP.

Post: This is not /r/doingnicethingswhilenobodyislooking
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I sold my body
Top Comment: There’s a woman at a self-help group I go to. Demure, very attractive, well put-together, classy. Whenever newer attendees get too down on themselves, she stands up and begins shares with her full name, “and I was a street-walking prostitute for half a decade. I sold everything I had until I had nothing left, I sold that, too. I forgot that I mattered, just like you forget you matter.”

I respect her so much for it, and I see no reason why your story should be any different.

Post: I went through my mom's room, stole her meth, and had my brother sell it so we could buy groceries. we . were never caught by my mom or the police.
Top Comment: Caught? That would imply you did something wrong. I see nothing wrong here. Stay strong, stay tough, keep surviving. Wishing you the best.

Post: Getting rich off all my neighbors’ laundry room use.
Top Comment: [removed]

Post: As a child, I copied a poem from a book and won first place in a poetry contest.
Top Comment: As long as your not from pennsylvania were good.  I came in second place in a poetry contest in my third grade. it can't be that...

Post: I sabotaged my father's marriage because he cheated on my mother.
Top Comment: Not at all. You were abused and made to feel horrible by these people. Nobody would blame you for not having remorse. 

Post: My first car ‘died’ from a cracked radiator. What my parents don’t know is that the crack was caused by my hitting another car that was parked in a parking lot. The other driver just let me go and I never told anyone.
Top Comment: I'm telling mom

Post: I accidentally killed my pet mouse last night and I can't get over it.
Top Comment: I get it. The mouse was a bit of an asshole. But he was your asshole mouse.

You didn't mean for this to happen. It was an accident, a reflex. You jumped as he bit you. 

This is no more your fault than tensing when someone yells "boo" at you and you are not expecting it.

You need to forgive yourself. I am sure that the mouse had a lovely life whilst he was with you, and you did all you could when he was alive. He may have ended up with another family and not been so lucky.

If you get more pets, you will be a great owner for them, as you will have learned a lesson here on being very gentle with smaller animals.

Post: I unknowingly did cocaine in the 4th grade. I think I was 9.
Top Comment: Where's the pressure point?

Post: A year ago I relapsed on heroin and recovered. I never told my wife or kids.
Top Comment: OP the cliche comes to mind it’s not a sin to fall down, but it is a sin to not get back up. You turned to a dangerous but familiar to you coping mechanism in an undoubtedly stressful time in your life (2 kids, bedridden wife, etc.), But you realized you were on a bad path and pulled yourself back. If anything I’d say it’s something to learn from and be proud of!

EDIT: we’ll score 1 for cliches... my fist silver! Thank you friends!

EDIT: whoa first gold too, u guys and gals are the best!

Post: I used to charge a kid a made up "fat tax"
Top Comment: Based on your name, you peaked in high school?

Post: I leave fake parking tickets on cars that deserve real ones.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I Use my Roommates Face Towel to Clean Up His Pee. He Still Hasn't Noticed.
Top Comment: No:  he needs to wash his towels and wipe his piss up

Post: [No regrets] I conned my way into being a therapist
Top Comment: Quit calling yourself a therapist idiot. That’s illegal.Just say you’re a life coach or spiritual counselor or make up some title. It’s not illegal to charge people to chat with you.  It is illegal to masquerade as a therapist. Just label yourself appropriately and you’ve got a business. 

Post: I tried to miscarry my baby and hurt her permanently
Top Comment: This sub was made for this content

Post: I changed my grade senior year of high school, with the principal in the room.
Top Comment: How much did it boost your grade lmao 

Post: I guess I am my brothers keeper
Top Comment: You did the right thing. I can't think of anything better to do than that.

Post: In High School, I forged all of my report cards
Top Comment: God tier move

Post: I waited for a woman to enter the dressing room in Goodwill and switched a pair of mens shorts I wanted out of her basket with a similar looking pair, immediately bought them and left.
Top Comment: Thrifting is a cut-throat past time for the fashion savvy yet wittingly cheap

Post: I framed my mother's ex husband when I was 5
Top Comment: Fuck yeah. Good for you.

Post: I threw eggs from the 16th floor of my apartment to maintain peace and quiet.
Top Comment: I think we found howtobasic

Post: I used to eat my coworkers apple chips at work, then tell him that I was allergic to apples so he wouldn't accuse me.
Top Comment: This reminds me of my friend who told me he was allergic to bacon and then I caught the motherfucker eating a BLT from greggs.

Post: I shit in a mason jar and left it in my friends pantry.
Top Comment: Now that's a shitpost

Post: I knowingly stuck a booger to my bosses hand and let a customer get blamed for it.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I used to be a white supremacist - Please read the whole thing before posting
Top Comment: It just goes to show that very often, racism comes from a lack of exposure to other races and cultures. You were exposed, and allowed critical thinking to take over.

Super proud of you.

And as a Jew: shalom! 

Post: I ordered 80$ worth of pizza for a non-existant client
Top Comment: Gotta love the petty revenge in this one. +1 for opening the door to watch him steam

Post: [Light] I'm a custodian and I test out every paper airplane I find on the floor.
Top Comment: You are a fine American.

Post: I stole a book from the library page by page, then glued the pieces together at home
Top Comment: God damn dude, that’s a hella of a plan for a young child!

Post: I stole a girls iPod Touch and then sold it back to her a month later
Top Comment: Someone stole my phone around year 7 as i accidentally left it in my outer bag pocket not inner during PE. Mother fucker stood there the next day (he was a foreign student I was being  nice to, trying to be friendly so he didn't feel alone being new to school) and told me had just got a new phone and I said mine was stolen.

Few weeks or months later a friend in class said isn't your nickname "maze"? and I said yeah, and he said oh I saw your name on the highscore of my friends phone game. So I reported that shit to the police and I got my phone back as I still had the box with serial numbers.

I feel for that poor girl because at that age it was devastating. I'd already lost my two bikes from the garage robbery we had three days after christmas :( like a year or so before.

Post: I hid weed in the principal's office and somehow didn't get caught
Top Comment: Those some dumb security guards, but good shit. My heart would of been racing

Post: I went through the McDonald's drive-thru and they offered me a small ice cream cone for my dog. I ate it.
Top Comment: The ice cream machine was working?!?

Post: i kicked a hitchhiker out of my car in the middle of the desert
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I learned something about my mom's past, and I feel like I've stolen something from her.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I took $30 out of my colleague’s farewell gift contribution when I found out she blocked me on Facebook.
Top Comment: This is why people really need to realize social media is toxic, in every way. To me, this reads like a situation that happens in middle school.

Post: I sneak in and use my old apartment's gym three times a week
Top Comment: A year ago I used to go to this gym that was part of a super rich tennis club, the membership fee was grossly overpriced for a rather mediocre setup of equipment. I’ve lived in the area ever since I was a kid and I knew about a door that the workers used that was left unlocked all the time. For about a year I went in for about an hour after closing at 9. One time a worker saw me and started walking up to me. I thought I was screwed until he just told me that everyone using the gym must have their shirt on. He left and let me be,

Post: My friend and I lowered our GPA and broke into the teachers' lounge because we were thirsty.
Top Comment: Reading This was like watching a heist movie

Post: I once trucked a girl in high school and it keeps me up at night
Top Comment: Boy I had no idea what trucked meant I thought you either ran her over with a truck or dragged her around with one.

Post: Son, I've been reading your Reddit posts
Top Comment: Dad invades his son's privacy....then his story invades my heart. Mad tears, bro.

Post: I forged Good Charlotte's signature for a Nintendo
Top Comment: This is hilarious.

Post: When it’s raining and I’m driving, I always check the wiper speed of cars around me because I’m self conscious that I have mine going too fast/too slow
Top Comment: Haha I set mine to whatever I like, then look at other cars to judge them. So many cars don't turn their wipers on or use full speed with a light drizzle. 

Post: I used to throw out food so my mom had to cook again
Top Comment: We’ve all done shitty things, no body is perfect. Especially children who don’t know the full context and reasoning behind things. 


Give yourself a break. Your mom loved you and I’m sure the two of you had many happy memories that she would want you to be remembering. Sorry for your loss.

Post: Whenever I’m waiting in a line at an ATM on Friday or Saturday late afternoon, I like to joke “just getting that drug money huh?” I laugh, they laugh, Im being serious, we both laugh
Top Comment: Do you ever look at where it says "withdrawal" and think, yeah, pretty much?

Post: Ejaculated on my grandmother's face.
Top Comment: This is the most fucked up thing I've read on the internet in years.

Post: I stopped attending a class, lied about turning in a final and still passed.
Top Comment: Fucking amazing

Post: I exaggerated my daughters symptoms so the doctors would do tests.
Top Comment: Had to do this with myself. I was so tired and couldn't get anyone to take my seriously. So I took my symptoms up a notch, git a few more blood tests and other things, and was finally diagnosed with an autoimmune disorder. Now that I know what's wrong, it's been easier to manage. But if I hadn't embellished a little, they wouldn't have given me the tests I wanted.

Post: I tricked my college professor into giving me a grade on a paper I didn’t write
Top Comment: Humans underestimate above average communication skills. Having a positive rapport with teachers can be one of the most rewarding gifts.

Post: I almost killed myself yesterday
Top Comment: Ok, so now you’ve had a sign, go start the process of getting help.  

And give your cat a big hug, furball is looking out for you.

I know the paradox too well btw; depression will make it seem futile to get help, but it’s totally not.  Being able to discern your brain chemistry from your situation can make all the difference in the world even before you start formal treatment.   

And yes, you aren’t well.  And no it’s not your fault, it’s nothing you did wrong.  Brains just suck but we’re able to tune them these days thank goodness.


Post: When I was a youngster I lived in quite a dodgy area which ironically resided just opposite a very fancy built up area. I used to set my alarm for 3am and walk over to the nice area where I would use a paint marker to write affordable prices on the windscreens of expensive cars.
Top Comment: People have confessed to murder in this sub, and apparently this is the type of thing that triggers people now. Reddit is a weird place.

On topic - this reminds me of mischief night in Jersey. Except we only did it one night a year, rather than taking it on as a morning side job lol.

Post: I posted fake jobs on internet so I could build my own resume
Top Comment: What's your job now?

Post: I changed a babys name of a mentally disabled woman
Top Comment: I am with the camp that you did the right thing. Thank you. It was an act of compassion

Post: I mercilessly bullied 5 people in high school. 3/5 of them killed themselves.
Top Comment: As someone who was bullied horribly in high school, I beg of you to apologize to the 2 remaining. I was apologized to by my bullys and let me tell ya, it doesnt matter if its 1 year or 30 years, that apology matters so much! 

Post: I cheated on my husband with a married man. Which resulted in the break up of both our marriage.
Top Comment: Military couples and cheating on each other. Name a more iconic duo, I’ll wait.

Post: I called CPS on my daughter and she is facing losing custody of her baby.
Top Comment: That was not a fun read and I imagine even less fun to live.





Post: I tricked restaurants into serving me alcohol underage for three years
Top Comment: Ngl thats fucking smooth

Post: Whenever I can bring up the fact that I’ve been through war in an assignment I use it because I automatically get a good grade it’s like a sympathy card
Top Comment: Shit. You’ve been through war. Better upvote. 

Post: I cheated on every Spanish test I took in Highschool
Top Comment: Funny, I was so bad at Spanish tests that my HS teacher pulled me aside after a test and said, "Hey Senior...use pencil on your tests". I had no clue why she was asking I do so, but whatever. Next test I came into the classroom and she handed me a pencil, "Make sure you use this!" Again, no clue why but  alright. Next day we got our tests back and I got my first passing grade. I looked closely at my paper and it was obvious she erased half of my answer and gave me enough correct so I didn't fail. I looked up at her and she winked. I ended the semester with a C. Later, I would go to college and after 2 weeks in Spanish One my professor called me over and said, "You have a learning disability. You'll never learn Spanish in a classroom. Go see the learning disabilities counselor on this sheet of paper". Battery of tests later and that was the end of Spanish tests for the rest of my life! (Incidentally, I learned Spanish the right way...I traveled to Latin America and got a girlfriend who only spoke Spanish!)

Post: I hide my mother's iPhone charger
Top Comment: She's going to discover the correlation between you being there and her chargers going missing. Lol, science.

Post: When I was 9 I started the biggest fire my town had seen in 150 years.
Top Comment: The biggest thing I did was flood my school, yours definitely tops that lol

Post: When I was a kid, I tried to poison my entire family.
Top Comment: That’s some psychopath shit 

Post: I choked out an 8th grader 13 years ago
Top Comment: Sometimes 8th graders need a good choking out.

Post: [Light] I lie to my child every Friday.
Top Comment: My son has issues with holding his poops too long. Doesn’t like pooping so he puts it off as long as possible. Which can lead to long and difficult trips to the bathroom for him when he finally can’t hold it anymore. Wife and I have told him that if he holds it too long it will come out of his mouth. He believes it and it works to make him to go to the bathroom

Post: My family doesn't know I'm graduating this year
Top Comment: Great job. Wish we could see their faces when you tell them.

Post: I tried to terminate my pregnancy the entire 9 months
Top Comment: This is a hell of a confession.  

I think you should seek therapy. That's a lot of cognitive dissidence and guilt you're carrying. 

You don't deserve to suffer. Wishing you all the best.

Post: (Light-hearted confession here) I recently found out what my brother was getting me for Christmas and ever since then anytime an AD on TV would pop up about it or someone else would have the item I would make comments about how I want one or how cool it looks to make him happy.
Top Comment: A few decades ago I didn't have a lot of money for xmas..$200 for about 6 presents. Somehow I made it work except for the last person, my red-headed older brother who was about 25. I looked everywhere and could not find anything that was the right price and that I thought he might like. I was down to about $30 and running out of time, it  was afternoon on the day before xmas. Finally as I was leaving a store i saw a combination electric "beard and mustache trimmer" for about $20 and bought it in desperation and also as a bit of a joke as my brother always had a bit of stubble going because he was too lazy to shave.

Guess who decided, that xmas, to grow a beard and mustache  once he saw his present.

Twenty years later I was over his place and saw the trimmer sitting on the sink in his bathroom..surrounded by a fine fuzz of ginger fallout from where he'd been using it over the years. His sink looked like it was growing a red carpet around the taps. I mentioned it to him and he said it was "The best present anyone ever gave me"....which I found kind of bemusing. Sometimes gifts are just luck.

Post: I did heroin for two years when I was 17-18 and not a soul knew except for my dealer.
Top Comment: I'm so glad you got off of it! And it's amazing that you got clean alone. I hope you're in a good place now

Post: I just gave a suburban mom the middle finger and it felt so empowering
Top Comment: I feel satisfied just knowing this happened 

Post: I’m an Atheist, but sometimes when someone I know dies I secretly hope there is a heaven.
Top Comment: I am also an Atheist but I do hope that my loved ones have gone somewhere amazing. 

Post: I pretended to be a homeless teen to make money panhandling
Top Comment: Well a lot of panhandlers are not legit either.

Post: In high school, I broke into the mailbox to get my report card
Top Comment: That wholesome moment when....*you* *got away with committing a federal crime.*

But seriously good for you for not wasting your lucky moment. You made it well deserved for yourself.

Post: I steal my housemate's food and nobody ever suspects me because they think I am vegan
Top Comment: When I had a room mate stealing my food I started putting ghost pepper flakes on everything.

It stopped real fast.

Post: I used to call my sister ugly when I was younger and I regret it so much
Top Comment: I think that if you tell her she’s beautiful, she’d love it. 
I think that my brothers’ opinion matters to me more than my parents’ opinion. When my brother calls me beautiful I know he means it. :)

Post: I broke every rule as a Resident Advisor/Resident Assistant
Top Comment: My freshman year my roommates and I called our RA the Stunicorn. We basically never saw him after he sat us all down, read the rules, said “if you need anything I’m in room#,” on day 1.  It was a tiny school - like even if you were avoiding someone who lived on the other side of campus you’d run into them more often than the three of us ever saw Stu. We used to have fun making up backstories and theories about him and what he did with his time. We were teenage girls and we talked about him the way 14 year olds would about a teen heartthrob celebrity. 

One day I got back from class and there was a huge commotion in the dorm. Stunicorn was running around knocking on doors, calling all of us for a dorm meeting because he had a big announcement we all needed to be there to hear.

He explained that the Lion King (1993) had been re-released in theaters and asked if anyone wanted to come with him to see it. 2 hours later our entire dorm is at the box office and Stu is explaining how excited he is that we’re doing this, that it’s his favorite movie, that none of his frat brothers wanted to come and he would have felt lame coming alone. He was super easy to get along with and we all ended up getting to know him a little better. 

We never saw him again.

Post: When I was 7 I threw a brick at a girls face now she’s blind
Top Comment: When I was in like 2nd grade a kid around 7 threw a brick at me and now I have a big scar in between my eyes and I thought this was about me until the being blind part lmao

Post: My cat died 2 years ago, and I kept this secret to his grave [Tough Love]
Top Comment: This is the cat of legends. There will be religions about him in 2000 years 

Post: I "broke" the wifi when my parents refused to get better internet
Top Comment: [removed]

Post: I let my son believe he’s a dinosaur because it helps him sleep better
Top Comment: My mom convinced me to eat my greens as a kid because Sara from The Land Before Time did and I also wanted to be a triceratops, so you're not alone.

Still kind of want to be a Triceratops

Edit: I now realise her name was spelled Cera which makes total sense. Also appreciate my top rated comment is about my desire to be a dinosaur.

Post: I used the gas card of an old job for 3 years to fuel up my car
Top Comment: Your fueling up all those years was what finally put them under 😂

Post: I took a picture of a girl's butt at lunch today
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: Lied to get out of a school project and ended up stuck in therapy for a year.
Top Comment: "Yes everything is fine now, my dad is back on his meds, we are ok"
Must faster solution. Although hopefully the therapy was somewhat helpful anyway lol

Post: I “accidentally” found out my employer was closing his business so I waited out on purpose to get a Redundancy.
Top Comment: I’m in the US & reading this. Is Redundancy pay basically the equivalent of Severance paying the US? Ie. You’re getting fired due to downsizing st a company or mandatorily retired, so your employer gives you a sum of money to make that transition out of the company less brutal? 

Just curious & trying to educate myself about new terminology. Thanks!

Post: I always bullshit my way through school (and most recently college)
Top Comment: They only time this may be a detriment to you is when you start taking classes directly related to your major and are out of your intro courses. Otherwise, work smart. Not hard. 

Post: I haven't done anything at work in several years...
Top Comment: My last two jobs were similar.  I certainly had work now and then, but if I were to spread my entire annual work load and break it down to the day, I would say that I had maybe 10 minutes worth of work.  Now those ten minutes would come in one or two 8 hour days a month, but the rest of the time was surfing the net.  You can't imagine how boring the internet can be when that is literally all that you do.

Post: In 5th grade, I pushed a girl in a monkey cage enclosure and ripped the skin of her arms off
Top Comment: Jesus

Post: I regret coming out especially to my best friends.
Top Comment: A lot of people experience prejudice when they come out, from people within and outside of the LGBT+ community. There is prejudice specific to people who are bi, and I'm sorry you're going through it. It can be really hard to feel like your sexuality is 'invisible' and have it dismissed. You're not alone though, and most people find peace with their identity in time. Just remember that the people putting you down are only showing off their own ignorance;  they are not a reflection of a tolerant and inclusive society. My best advice, if you don't mind me chipping in, is to rise above it and be proud. Their attitude is meaningless compared to the freedom and happiness that comes with being your true self. 

Post: I got drunk at work , stole cheesecake and ended up passed out in the dressing room
Top Comment: “Where were you?”

“Cheesecake”

Post: I would lie to LEGO and get free bricks/animal pieces
Top Comment: I assume LEGO assumes people are doing this and sends them anyway to build good will.   The parts are actually really inexpensive when you're the producer.

Post: I Fed My Boyfriend and His Friends Dog Food
Top Comment: *“When people ask you what happened here… tell them the North remembers. Tell them winter came for House Frey.”*

Post: Gave mince beef to a vegetarian
Top Comment: I accidentally gave sweet and sour pork to a muslim family instead of sweet and sour chicken when I used to wait tables. The dishes looked identical other than that the chicken had both red and green peppers while the pork only had red. I didn't realize my mistake until I went back to the kitchen and saw the chicken in the window. I quickly returned to the table to try and correct the error but they were already half way through so I just asked, 'How is everything?' and walked away.

Post: I stole from an online friend when she pretended to die
Top Comment: First of all, this sucks! I don't get why someone would pretend to die, it's one of the stpidest things ever. I still don't think it's okay to spend so much of her money.

So second of all, a guy "died" on me, too.  
We met online and talked for a long time, also skyped and it got a little spicy. Nothing bad, just some more cleavage than usually. Apparently, he took screenshots of our video conversations. When he "died" his "friend" talked to me on Skype and tried to blackmail me into sending him nudes.   
I was 14 at the time and started to freak out, really didn't know what to do. Back then it seemed like the end of the world to me, now I just think the guy was an idiot and such an asshole for trying to take advantage of me like that.

Post: I vengefully ejaculated on my ex-girlfriend's art project
Top Comment: Now this is a confession 

Post: I once pickpocketed a friend of a friend and consoled her afterwards because she was sad her wallet was stolen
Top Comment: That was really shitty damn but I guess at least you no longer associate yourself with that group of people and have hopefully learned. There’s always a new day to be a better person

Post: I caused my school to hold an assembly on locking stall doors in the bathroom.
Top Comment: what a little asshole i love it.

Post: I’m still alive because I just want my dog to have a good life
Top Comment: I go to work mainly to provide for my cats

Post: I faked a shellfish allergy to get out of work early.
Top Comment: How shellfish of you

Post: I pushed my brother when we were kids and his head hit a rock. now he’s brain damaged
Top Comment: [removed]

Post: I lied to an old employer about my previous pay rate.
Top Comment: I’d say this is more of a pro life tip than a confession.

Always ask for more than what you think you’re worth

Post: I used to put discounts on people’s cash bills to keep extra tip money
Top Comment: Yea… the company I work for has fired more than one employee for this exact scam. Anyone considering doing this tread with caution, it’s not bulletproof

Post: I stole close to $1000 dollars from ages 8-10 because I bankrupted them with medical bills
Top Comment: Jesus. As a kid you were so anxious about your health and the financial burden on your family that you resorted to stealing. This country's health system is so fucked. 
You feel guilty and that's actually a good thing. Obviously you can't go back and repay all those people, so I agree with the other comments that you can repay your debt to society by charity work. Volunteer! You'll feel better and you'll make your community better. ♡
I'm sorry you were put in that position. Yet another reason Universal Healthcare shouldnt be a controversial issue.

Post: My fiancé & I tested his sister's supposed gluten allergy.
Top Comment: A harmless way to 'test' her would be to cook gluten free food as she would normally have it, let her eat most of it and then make out it had a wrong ingredient in it. She can bitch and moan all she likes, at least you won't have actually made her ill. 

Post: Stealing tips
Top Comment: I thought you were going to give us tips on stealing.

Post: I'm a 15 yo (male) drug addict
Top Comment: I’m 17 and addicted to Oxycodone. The only thing that helped me was telling my parents. If you have the choice, go to rehab. And it does get easier over time. I got addicted when I was 15. I just quit the beginning of this year. I hope you’re able to get clean

Post: i put fish tank water in her coffee maker
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: Kid crying over a lego set he wasn’t allowed to buy, so I bought it in front of him, for myself.
Top Comment: Honestly, that’s a good mom. 

Had she caved and got it. He would have learned that if he throws a tantrum long enough he gets what he wants. Instead he’s learned that shit behavior does NOT get you what you want. (At least I hope he understood that now) 

Post: I flooded a hotel washroom with my shit.
Top Comment: Now that’s a story. Good thing you hauled ass before your stall mates came out. Lol

Post: I beat up a kid because he kicked my elderly dog.
Top Comment: Just recently I had a guy AT AN OFF LEASH DOG BEACH repeatedly swing a branch at my dog and abuse me. If it weren’t for his young children being there with him I think I would’ve been looking at a pretty serious assault charge tbh. 

Seeing someone unprovoked do that sort of shit to your dog is also probably the most rage-inducing thing I’ve experienced in my adult life.

Post: My brother talked me into stealing $300 worth of game cards for him.
Top Comment: Excuse me what? The cards aren’t supposed to work until scanned

Post: When I was 10, I insulted a random lady on the phone and... totally got away with it.
Top Comment: Wait until you are 30 and tell your mom. Best prank

Post: I burned a part of my apartment building because I didn't put out my cigarette.
Top Comment: A friend in college died in a house fire that was linked to a still-lit cigarette butt on the porch

Post: I had to steal my family's VHS after a porn movie got stuck in it.
Top Comment: What I took from your story is how hilariously literal porn names were back then, "fuck my wife II." 

Also, evidently, Fuck My Wife was so popular, they had to make a sequel.

Post: Kept all the chocolate I sold to my neighbors and ate it myself.
Top Comment: I was mugged in NYC when I was in 5th grade selling that fucking chocolate.

Post: I upvote all my son's Reddit posts and he doesn't know I know his username.
Top Comment: Thousands of redditors currently analyzing their post history, imagining a parent reading everything they’ve written. 

Post: I broke a girl's phone for bullying me in seventh grade, and got away with it
Top Comment: In 7th grade we went to a small amusement park for a class trip. A boy I didn’t want to sit with, sat with me on the bus anyways. He was part of the “popular” crowd and just overall super obnoxious. I had on a bathing suit top under a tank top and he decided to take a picture of my chest (fully clothed but still). I took his flip phone and snapped it clean in half right in front of him. Felt really good and luckily didn’t get in trouble because he was too afraid of himself getting into even more trouble.

Post: I beat up a guy and my life was almost completely ruined.
Top Comment: What happened with Steve though? Did he ever got the degree? Is he still single and sad? I kinda feel bad he got stabbed and robbed lol.

Post: I missed a whole day of work because I stayed in bed trying to resume a dream I was having where I had a small chance of getting laid. That's how infrequently I have sex.
Top Comment: Well honestly that's pretty rip

Post: I just learned that a Wolverine is a real animal. I’m 28 years old.
Top Comment: Don't feel bad.  Until last month my wife thought a wolverine was a female wolf.  

Post: I stole a pizza from Little Caesar's
Top Comment: It's 1 pizza bro. Galaxies are spinning around endless blackness and stars are being born in dusty endless radiation wombs. Don't worry about it.

Post: I intentionally broke the work computer so my boss would get a better one.
Top Comment: Would be funny if he gets it repaired, but for your sake i hope he will buy a new one.

Post: I Steal Food From The Grocery Store Where I Work That They Make Us Throw Away
Top Comment: dont feel bad, what youre doing is perfeclty moral in my opinion.

i make quite a bit of money and pay little tax and I dont think its fair so go ahead.

Post: I slapped someone across the face and blamed it on a tic...
Top Comment: I knew someone in high school who had Tourette's and I also suspected he faked some of his tics to do some fucked up shit without repercussions.

I almost thought you did it for the same reasons he did, but it turns out you have better intentions. Good job.

Post: When I was 12, I blamed my mom’s broken laptop on my 2 year old brother.
Top Comment: Fuck You ~Yanick 

Post: I stabbed my classmate in 4th grade but got away with it because she lied when was asked about it
Top Comment: She’s a champ for not telling on you, she knew what she did was wrong, so i would say she also felt bad. I find it weird you can’t apoligise now? It’s clearly a long time ago, but for your sake, you should get closure

Post: I pretend to be interested in middle aged women during interviews and on the job
Top Comment: My boyfriend is quite handsome and very sweet, and the way older women treated him while he was working in an office was nothing short of creepy on many occasions. A lot of the comments they made would have never been tolerated had they been made by a male (to a female), but since it was a bunch of 35-60 year old women making sexual innuendos to a 21-yr old boy it was all considered good fun. I say good on you for working it to your advantage in a harmless way.

Post: I shoplifted at the grocery store out of sheer hunger and desperation.
Top Comment: This is the modern plot of Les Mis. I pray your story ends well. And without your own Javert.

Post: I installed teamviewer on our class’ computer and played porn videos when my classmates were in the middle of their presentation
Top Comment: That’s sexists, girls watch porn... I think.

Post: I was the school phantom shitter
Top Comment: Someone did this In a kids backpack at my school 

Post: Jumped the queue, mistaken for a disabled child.
Top Comment: This made my morning hahah! Your dad is the best. Teaching you how to run a scam and lie at 10? He was ahead of the curb 😂

Post: I volunteered to do my aunt/uncles laundry to take money out of their pockets
Top Comment: In my house, that’s the rule.  If you do the laundry, you get to keep the money in the dryer.  Like a little incentive to do the laundry.

Post: I stole a pregnancy test bc I couldn’t afford one today.
Top Comment: For next time- The dollar store tests have always worked for me.  They were more accurate than the supermarket ones.

Post: I got mad that i was falsely accused of talking in 4th grade so i put a pushpin on the timeout chair...
Top Comment: " i hear a “AHHHUUGGGH” coming from my classroom. Almost sounded like Arnold Shwartzeneggar moaning."

This is the hardest I've laughed all week. Thank You.

Post: I staged a robbery to steal from the store where I work
Top Comment: How much, just curious?

Post: My ex hated visiting my family. So, when I'd visit them for the weekend and he wouldn't come, I'd give our dogs boiled eggs so their farts smelled up the apartment all weekend.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: Illegally served beer
Top Comment: I really hope you don’t lose any sleep over this lmao. I did this every night in HS when I worked at an Outback. I’m surprised someone actually cared enough to complain.

Post: I've been stuffing dryer lint in my friends socks for years
Top Comment: I wonder if he ever stops to question why a single sock from every load of laundry he does ends up with a full load's worth of lint in it. 

Post: I stole my friends gengar in pokemon the day before he moved.
Top Comment: Team Rocket’s blasting off agaaaaaiiiiinnnnn!

*

Post: I ended my ex-bestfirend's career, ruining her life.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I pooed on the floor at McDonald's bathroom then left it.
Top Comment: Sounds like you ordered a #2.

Post: I put bleach in the laundry during basic training and gave my platoon tie-dye T-shirts
Top Comment: Honestly probably is better that you didn’t say anything it could’ve made your Basic training a whole of lot worse if they started targeting you for the mistake. 
But man....that’s such a shit thing to happen. I would’ve been PISSED. Especially since in my basic pt kit was all issued and we couldn’t go buy any extra since it’s not sold in kit shops. Our pt gear was only given to us by supply techs so it’s not easy to acquire while on training. (Canada)

Post: I stole from the school store when I was in 4th grade
Top Comment: Chaotic Petty. I would do the same damn thing

Post: i’ve spent close to $2000 dollars of my parents money on league
Top Comment: Holy fuck. You must have literally every champ and skin in the game.

Post: When I was in highschool I catfished a guy I hated and found out he was into furry/bestiality porn
Top Comment: So I have a friend who went to high school in a tiny town in the Midwest. There was a guy at his school that everyone refers to as “goat boy” because his sister walked into their barn one night to discover him screwing a goat. A GOAT. And worse? The goats legs were in the guys boots so it couldn’t get away which probably means it wasn’t the first time. So gross. So cringey. Apparently no one liked him and even some of the teachers called him goat boy. 

Post: It wasn't my brothers who googled the boobies, 't was me
Top Comment: Reminds me of when I tried to look up "fagina" in my elementary school dictionary. I didn't find it!

Post: I haven’t went to any of my college classes or done any of the work for them since the start of the semester but I’ve been telling my parents I have.
Top Comment: Most colleges have mental health services. Talk to them. After that, talk to your parents. It's worse to avoid it. You can turn it around more easily than you think, but it is hard to see that sometimes. Good luck.

Post: I convinced a kid to pull the fire alarm and got him suspended.
Top Comment: My sister was in elementary school and jokingly put her hand in the fire alarm and pretended like she was going to pull it, and the person in line next to her freaked and tried to smack her arm away, but only smacked it downand activated the fire alarm. 

Her and the other girl both got suspended, but we learned that a false alarm fire drill still requires the fire department to come and check everything, and costs the school alot of money.

Post: In 4th grade, I told my friend about my mom’s affair and then accused her of lying and making it up
Top Comment: I’m sorry but fuck your mom for putting you in that situation by asking if it was you. She knew she was caught, what difference would it have made if her own child was the one telling people?

Post: My drug use finally caused me to lose my friends, my family, and, most likely, my job. And I deserve it all.
Top Comment: Interesting read. I understand the thoughts of suicide and your depression/anxiety, but as a sufferer of the same things I can tell you that despite what you've lost due to your drug abuse, nothing is stopping you from taking the steps to bounce back. Seek therapy and/or rehab, a new job, getting back on your feet and the right people will find their way back into your life. That would be one hell of a success story if you ask me. :)

Post: I accidentally had a sexting relationship with my brother on here.... then kept doing it even after I found out.
Top Comment: Now that's the kind of fucked up shit I came here for

Post: I have, for the past 2.5 years, been hiding printed photographs of Academy Award winning actor Nicholas Cage throughout my office.
Top Comment: Nintendo is objectively gay

Post: I stole a final exam in 10th grade and sent pictures of it to everyone who took the class. Another kid had the same idea. He got caught and expelled, and I got away with it.
Top Comment: I stole an eyeliner from the drugstore in 10th grade. Another girl had the same idea. She got caught and arrested, and I got away with it.

I was driving 60 in a 45 mph zone. Another person had the same idea. They got caught and got a ticket, and I got away with it.

My uncle started smoking when he was 12 and has been smoking a pack a day for six decades and he's still alive and kicking just fine. His best friend started smoking at the same time and died of lung cancer 30 years ago.

A friend of mine used to do speed once a year on her birthday. Other than that she did not do drugs. Maybe the third year she did this she od'd. She was 23. There are people who do speed everyday for decades and are still alive.


Do you get what I'm saying?

TL;DR life's not fair. It's good Andrew figures this out early. If I was Andrew I wouldn't have hard feelings why would I want somebody else to be punished too? It wouldn't change the consequences I had any.

Post: When i was 15 i pushed my father down the stairs while in a fight
Top Comment: Did you ever talk to him about it?

Post: I was dishonest to my client and made them pay me for what I could have prevented.
Top Comment: Every print place I’ve ever used said they take no responsibility for the content of the printwork. They print whatever is on the file. I wouldn’t feel too bad because you can know that the client would’ve had the same trouble elsewhere.

Post: I used to bully kids for being gay in high school, while I was secretly having gay sex and was HIV positive. I lied and said I had tried heroin to cover up the fact that I got HIV from gay sex.
Top Comment: My boyfriend in high school had a bully. He was bullied for being a femme gay guy. When we went to college, we spotted his bully in a gay club. We picked him up and fucked the hell out of him... It's been 20+ years, but it made me realize something about the bullies who hated gay kids...

Post: I caused the house fire which killed my brother 5 years ago
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I steal a lot of stuff.
Top Comment: Dude i was the same way, it was a lot of fun, i was very skilled at it. But all it takes is some bored ass security guard to sit behind the cameras profiling people and watching their every move. I got caught this way, the dude literally said he just picks younger people and watches them the whole time they are there and he regularly catches people. It went on my permanent record and it took me thousands and thousands of dollars and many court appearances and a ton of hours of community service to get my recorded cleared. Seriously, i really recommend trying to stop, I you’ll get caught eventually and you’ll pay for all that stuff in the end. It really was not fun.

Post: When I was a young child I helped my Mom hide her cheating from my Dad and I've lived with the guilt ever since I realized what I did.
Top Comment: TBH, I think the dad knew after your brother told him about these encounters. There is really no reason for a kid to make stuff like that up. If I was the dad in this situation, I’d simply won’t push and interrogate the kids. Probably your parents talked and just moved on. Affairs happen. Not every affair ends in divorce. 
I’m really sorry this whole situation has burdened you for so long :(

Post: I pretended my dad had a heart attack to get out of a work contract early and still get my bonus for completing it.
Top Comment: Meh I wouldn’t beat yourself up over it to be honest.

Post: When I was 14 in high school I stole this girls diary and read stuff she wrote about me.
Top Comment: I think you learned a really valuable lesson here that you’re clearly still carrying with you today. Good for you.

Post: I shoplifted and got caught, and I had to pay a fine
Top Comment: I’m laughing omg this was the pettiest of crimes and everyone’s so mad, meanwhile I once saw someone post on here that they once attempted murder and folks were all “glad you learned your lesson, everyone makes mistakes”

Post: I hate it that I'm the one who's always asking about people and making conversation but nobody ever cares to ask me about my life
Top Comment: This happens to me, too.  I don't know if it's just in my head or I'm just an idiot or what.

Nobody ever calls and invites me, I call them.  If I throw a party, nobody shows up.

I have to take the initiative every time.

It still creeps into my brain, but I think I have gotten past it a bit.  

I just do what I want.  One of my personal credos is, "it is better to ask for forgiveness than permission".

Post: I faked having my right hand burned in middle school so I wouldn't be made to write in class nor do any homework FOR A MONTH
Top Comment: I have always been naturally super pale. In elementary school, any time I felt like going home, I would just say I'm sick and they would always say "you do look really pale" it worked every time

Post: I am an A-List celebrity who hates it. The only reason I haven't killed myself is my kids.
Top Comment: Retire and nobody is going to care about you in a couple of years. Delete all your social media and move to some remote location. If you are as famous as you say, you should have the money to support your family for the rest of their life's.
Start a new, simple life and tell your family about your problems. 

Post: I have a great job, my mom adores me for all the help I give her, I crochet scarfs for the homeless. No one knows that I am an over the counter drug addict. Not even my therapist.
Top Comment: The dangerous thing about a dependency on most over the counter sleeping pills is that you may eventually not be able to sleep without them. Additionally, please make sure you aren't taking the kind with acetaminophen or ibuprofen, because you could be damaging your liver and kidneys that way. I know you don't want to stop, so at this point, you should look into risk-minimizing so that you don't permanently harm yourself. Even if you don't love life and don't particularly want to continue with it, I'm going to be honest with you and tell you that it sounds like your mom and brother legitimately need you, and if you love them as much as you say you do, you'll keep on keeping on until you start seeing in yourself what they see in you.

Post: I bullied someone who was just asking if i was okay
Top Comment: As someone who was bullied, trust me, it will mean the world to him if you apologised and admitted it was you who was a dick. 

Often people who are bullied go on to blame themselves.

Post: I often used to go to the lost and found and stole cloths because I was poor.
Top Comment: I work at a school and 90% of items in lost and found are never picked up. We donate everything that is left at the end of each school year. I wouldn’t feel bad. You did what you needed to do to survive.

Post: Reddit thanked me for not using AdBlock. I forgot AdBlock was a thing, and promptly installed AdBlock. Thanks Reddit.
Top Comment: If you haven't looked into "Ublock Origin" - I would highly recommend that as an alternative.

Post: Only my doctor knows I was a heroin addict for 3 years.
Top Comment: Thank you for all your comments. I have been sitting here for a bit reading everyone of them. Crying and feeling very grateful that you all took the time to say something. I really appreciate it. Thank you!

Post: I was involved in a drug scheme at my high school and let my best friend take the blow.
Top Comment: Don't worry, Issac learned what it really means to have "friends" after this incident I guarantee you

EDIT: Holy shit, thanks for the awards!

Post: I was a janitor and lived rent-free in the janitors closet.
Top Comment: Every 80's movie ever

Post: I stole my dead sister’s money from a drawer in my dad’s room.
Top Comment: She would have wanted you to have it

Post: I got a classmate kicked out of an elementary school concert
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I stole from my therapist ​​​​​​​​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​ ​​​​​​​​​​​​
Top Comment: She knows

Post: I am 24 hours clean off heroin, but a couple weeks ago I picked up a 2 year chip in AA
Top Comment: Tomorrow's probably gonna suck but please stick with it. You've done it before so you can do it again!!!

Post: I set my alarm at 2 AM just so I can fall asleep again feeling that it's not yet time to wake up
Top Comment: Once I'm up, I'm up. This would backfire horribly.


"Oh, cool it's only 2, I don't have to go to work for four more hours yet. Guess I'll lay here fucking around on my phone until it's time to go."

Post: I had sex with a famous musician when I was 16 and I hate myself for it
Top Comment: It's not sex. It's rape. Sexual assault. They took advantage of a teenager. It wasn't your fault, you were young and scared.  Stay strong, that experience does not define who you are. You're so much more than that. You are strong for surviving, and for letting it out. It takes so much to tell your story, the memories is traumatic. But you're stronger than you think. 

I suggest you let everything loose. Tell your story. Show the world who these monsters are. 

Post: I used to steal food from the school cafeteria because I didn’t have food at home
Top Comment: There are lots of stories like yours. Morally you feel like you’ve done something bad but a lot of the people who work in those cafeterias look the other way on purpose

Post: I laughed when a salesperson told me his son is severely disabled.
Top Comment: Shit happens. You didn’t mean it intentionally

Post: I fooled my proffesor that he miscalculated my score by showing him the previous test
Top Comment: In high school I was super nice to my teachers and would always get my work done, especially in my art classes. One time though there was an entire project I didn’t do for my photography class, can’t remember why. But my teacher for some crazy reason not only gave me credit for doing the assignment, she gave me 110%. Extra credit somehow.

I think she was pretty distraught that year and just assumed I did it since I usually do, or thought mine was someone else’s..? I have no idea. But I just let it happen.

Post: I making my daughter move out of the house because she's acting like a prostitute.
Top Comment: It's your house, your rules. I would never repeatedly bring strangers into either of my parents homes like that. She is treating you like a roommate but obviously has no respect for you. I'd be embarrassed if I acted that way in front of anyone let alone my parents. Granted I don't live with them anymore and haven't in almost ten years. Your thoughts are justified. Just because she's your kid doesn't mean she can make her own rules about etiquette in your home. It's her life and she can do what she wants, but this is crossing the line. Kick her ass out. 

Post: I refused to pick up a passenger outside of a strip club
Top Comment: Always good to follow your gut. 

Post: Sometimes I ask my parents for help with something I don’t actually need help with just so they’ll still feel like I need them.
Top Comment: This is really sweet. You are a good one. 

Post: I reached out to the girl I bullied in school and apologized, and she forgave me.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I graduated from college and cheated in (almost) everything
Top Comment: My roommate literally cheated his way through an engineering degree. He wasn’t very bright but was really social and latched onto a kid that wasn’t really social but was really bright. Basically became friends with the guy, brought him around to parties and cheated off all his homework. 

Last I heard the bright one got a super good job in Atlanta while my old roommate is teaching English in Korea or something. 

A degree opens doors but that’s it. If you’re smart enough to walk through it that’s all that will matter long term.

Post: I irritated a furry porn site off the internet.
Top Comment: Carefully, he’s a hero

Post: I poop with my blinds wide open so the douchebag lawyer next door can see in. I attempt to make direct eye contact while doing so as it is my way of establishing dominance.
Top Comment: Interesting that it makes you feel dominant. If I were to see someone do that I’d forever see them as a smelly caveperson

Better to poop on his property

Post: I Have a Severe Drug Problem that Nobody Knows About
Top Comment: check in to rehab.. you're not alone

Post: I’ve been tricking my friends into thinking they’re getting high, but I actually give them cannabis with very little THC.
Top Comment: It's a very different high, but it still has effects, it's not only placebo. They probably like the relaxing feeling. https://www.leafly.com/sativa/charlottes-web  (check in Effects, "relaxing" is maxed out)
(talking about your friends, for the aphrodisiac thing though yeah it's placebo, but I think all aphrodisiacs are only placebo so it's all good)

Post: I use to pocket the cash payments for the $5 footlong
Top Comment: I loved working at subway cuz hey, free lunch!

Post: I was a racist for a large portion of my teen life
Top Comment: The fact that you’re able to move on beyond your racist views and take accountability is huge... and rare.  Best of luck! 

Post: I hacked my bully’s typing account
Top Comment: *hacker voice*

1234

Post: I used graffiti art to make sure my ex had to think about me every day
Top Comment: this would be a good movie plot honestly.

Post: I cut my insulin cord and could’ve been hospitalized a few times...
Top Comment: Hey! I also have type 1 diabeeetus

NGL I’ve used it to my advantage a couple of times when I did and didn’t need to. Also had a time where I should have said something but instead got a fancy ride on the wee-woo bus

Post: I used to scam people, by pretending to raise money for kids in Africa
Top Comment: I gave some shady dude 5€ as he was approaching me with a pen and notepad collecting signatures and cash for poor children.

On the other hand I have wasted thousands and thousands of money already in my life.

I just signed up for helping poor and sick people in need making me like 800€ a month. Due to corona I don't find a well paid job currently but 800€ is more than enough for me as my rent is paid by welfare.

I am too much of a pussy to scam and betray, I don't need no jail in my life.

Post: I took a picture of my dead dad
Top Comment: It's ok.  If it gives you closure then by all means, keep it.

Post: I Tried to prove a point and killed a bird
Top Comment: I think a middle schooler would've gone for that fry too.

Post: I corrupted a file meant for my history project so I could get extra time
Top Comment: >My descent into a life of crime begins now I guess.

welp. it's all downhill from there. /s

made me chuckle

Post: Groped an old man at our church.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I stabbed a man, in court said it was an accident, got out of charges it was not an accident.
Top Comment: Don't do it again at least?

Post: [Remorse] I called campus police on a party I wasn't invited to
Top Comment: Don't really sound like friends. 

Post: When I was a kid, I "waved" a car to go, and caused an accident
Top Comment: A grown man shouldn't be relying on a kid for driving instruction. 

Post: I plagiarized my English paper, passed and now it will haunt me forever.
Top Comment: Just imagine he DID know that you copied and he would bring it up out of pettiness just to make you remember it every single time

Post: I stopped dating a guy because of his muslim faith.
Top Comment: Honestly I don’t see any reason to be conflicted here. You can end any relationship you want for whatever reason you want. It sounds like this was far more trouble than it was worth. I don’t see anything to feel guilty over. Even yelling at him. Honestly I think he probably got off light.  Find someone who respects you enough not to let his family degrade you right to your face. That’s not okay for an adult to do and I don’t care who his parents are.

Post: I didn't pay federal income tax from 2003 to 2012
Top Comment: Irs enters chat

Post: i faked getting emancipated to get a piercing
Top Comment: That’s a lot of work for a piercing and a tattoo

Post: I blocked a road by my house and made traffic divert for fun
Top Comment: This reminds me of when I was like 25 and living in San Francisco. Late one night, I was sitting on the sidewalk leaning against my garage door smoking a cigarette, and saw a small group of college aged kids walking in my direction, almost definitely coming home from one of the many bars. There was an intersection nearby, and off to the side there was a stacked pile of big traffic cones. I watched them quickly, almost telepathically, make a plan and disperse to put the cones across each side of the intersection. They moved fast and immediately kept walking up the street opposite me, and the moment they saw me they all jumped and froze, obviously not knowing anyone was watching them. I was just amused by their benign mischief, (the neighborhood was a grid with short blocks so the worst it would do was a small inconvenience), so I just raised my arm, gave them a thumbs-up, and they continued scuttering away.

Post: I accidentally sent a photo of my penis when applying for a job
Top Comment: On the bright side this is a wake call that you need to work on your organizational skills if you're keeping your dick and your resume in the same folder

Post: I wiped my butt on a towel while looking at someone’s home
Top Comment: I read the title and thought you wiped with a towel while piercingly gazing out the window at a neighbors house across the street or something

Post: I accepted counterfeit money at work and lied about it
Top Comment:  I paid for Chinese delivery with cash a few months ago.  The driver came back a couple hours later and told me I'd given him a fake $10 bill.  I swapped him for two fives.  I still have the $10 bill.  It turns out the bill is from 1950 and the pens don't work on bills older than about 1960 because of some change they made in the paper..

Post: My son was in a car accident and it was my fault. [Remorse]
Top Comment: Forgive yourself. You know for a fact that if you'd known, you wouldn't have. Let go of the nonsensical idea that you are somehow so much better than anyone else and should have magically known what you obviously didn't know.

You would never say to anyone else, the ridiculous things you're telling yourself about this. You'd never tell someone else she should have known better. You'd never follow her all day and all night, blaming the accident on her.

So stop it!

Decide you've suffered long enough- maybe, dare I say it, too long!

Post: I shout out my window at 3am to mess with my neighbourhood
Top Comment: Everyone knows it you, they just think you're retarded

Post: I've anonymously reported my best friends girlfriend to social services
Top Comment: You did the right thing

Post: I use to bully a kid in middle school.
Top Comment: It’s understandable you’re mad at yourself for this, but you know what to do. Make it right, what are you waiting for? Be honest, ask if you can make it right, and live with his answer no matter what it is. But make it right and you’ll feel better, don’t delay and do it!

Post: I've kept a secret from my parents for the past 23 months, and I'm going to tell them tomorrow.
Top Comment: This is a coming-out-of-the-closet level situation. Let me paraphrase columnist Dan Savage's advice.

You do not owe your parents your endless patience for their racism.

1. They're going to have a hissy-fit. Let them have one.
2. Give them some time where you patiently let them get used to the idea of your black soon-to-be wife. 
3. After a reasonable amount of time (Three months? Six months?) explain that they can either: a. Shut their mouths about your life choices and treat your wife with dignity and respect or b. Keep complaining.
4. If they choose b, explain that until they shape up, they will have no access to you. Exclude them from your life entirely. They'll either put on their grown-up pants and come around or they won't and you're free from their intolerance.

Depending on their racism/stubbornness, it might take them years to come around, but they probably will. 

EDIT: Changed an erroneous 'their' to a 'your'.

Post: I used a CEO’s company discount code to buy clothes at 80% off the retail price.
Top Comment: I would not feel guilty about this

Post: In 5th grade I deleted all of my class' saved work
Top Comment: I got accused of this in 6th grade. It was actually another kid that did it, and he confessed to me after I'd already gotten in trouble for it. The director of the department reamed me out in front of the class, red-faced and screaming, and I was so intimidated that I didn't try to object. They assumed that it was me just because they knew that I was good with computers... That was literally all they had to go on.

When my mom got wind of this, she unleashed holy hell on the school. It became quite a thing. I got an apology letter from the department director and another from the principal. My mom was a newspaper reporter; she could be relentless when it came to this kind of thing.

Post: When I was about 12 my friend and I got into fight and I stomped on his head.
Top Comment: I think almost everyone has one of those moments where you go from being care free to ‘shit that was fucking dangerous and I could have killed or seriously injured myself / my friend’ etc.

Deep inside something fundamentally changes and you start viewing the world with more awareness of the risks in what you do. That moment sticks with you forever.

Post: [Conflicted] I am sex worker and I have alot to confess
Top Comment: Did you realise there would be so much complication in your relationships and personal life when you started this work?

Post: I'm supposed to be logging hours at my job from home today but I haven't even looked at work
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I sold six boxes of candy for a fundraiser in eighth grade, and I kept all of the money
Top Comment: In high school for a band fund raiser we were selling these discount cards. We were each given five to start with. I sold them all and kept the money ($50) on accident. By the time I realized I still had the money in my backpack it was the summer and school was out. I felt super guilty for years. Then recently I realized my mom was the treasurer of the band booster and she must have thought I didn’t sell any and probably paid the $50.

Post: Breaks my heart watching my husband trying to lose weight
Top Comment: I just wanted to say, I feel the love that you have for your husband and I think this was so sweetly written. 

Post: I use to steal gift cards from shops and actually think they had money on
Top Comment: I mean tbh that’s probably about as harmless of a thing to steal as it gets

Post: Logged into my xhusband's router and blocked all his devices so he couldn't watch porn. Everyday the cable guy drove up, I unblocked it until he left...then blocked it again.
Top Comment: No, he never found out. And why?? Because he was a ASSHOLE!! And he was addicted to porn.  After we separated I moved into property we owned across the street.  So everyday I would see the cable truck pull up at his house ...I would log on and unblock.  I swear one week they came out 4 times. He was very abusive so I could not find a way to fight back ....until then 

Post: I puked all over a bathroom stall and left it locked from the inside
Top Comment: One morning, heavily pregnant, I pulled over frantically in a high school parking lot and projectile vomited lucky charms like a demon in front of multiple horrified teenagers.   So I too have late night vomit memory anxiety.  It will be okay.

Post: My hotel's water wasn't working, and the toilet wouldn't flush; so I pooped into a bag and threw it out of the window.
Top Comment: It had to be done. 

Post: I’m a successful person who cannot function without drugs anymore.
Top Comment: Hey if youre in benzos withdrawal its time to see a physician! They'll help you through it safely. If you can afford coke you can afford the doctors so none of that I'm american our healthcare system is lower than dogshit excuse. As for your general dependancy maybe try smoking weed or something less intense (NOT alcohol) until you're out of the worst of it to take the painful edges off. 

You've got a book deal! Try to remember a time when that would have excited you and think about how pissed that version of you would be to find you squandering it.

Post: I charge you for an extra item if you’re an asshole.
Top Comment: This reminds me of a story my mom did for the city paper (she was a photographer) that had a wealthy private university in it. All of the kids at the end of the year would leave year-old TVs, couches, stereos, you name it; because mommy and daddy would buy them all new things for the following school year. They would just stick them out by the dumpster or on the side of the street. Then everyone else just goes to town!

Post: [NSFW] I just want to say it somewhere
Top Comment: Unexpectedly wholesome

Post: Today I had to relieve myself on the street
Top Comment: Well, as the saying goes: shit happens

Sounds like you ultimately made the right choice

Post: I slammed a kid's head into gravel when I was maybe 7
Top Comment: I pushed a wagon in front of a girl who was riding her bike down a hill. Fucked her up. She didn’t pick on me after that. I was 7, she was 12.

Post: I threw a friend's photo album in the garbage when I was 9.
Top Comment: Jesus, I feel second hand bad after reading this

Post: I abused coupons for my local Pizza restaurant that they stop giving them out
Top Comment: You probably lost out. Two mediums is almost always less pizza than one extra large.

Post: In the 2nd grade, I bullied a very sweet, shy girl who didn't deserve it.
Top Comment: Hi. I'm Mae. Not in the sense that I am really her. But I was in her position, didn't have the best clothes, shoes, and no one to help me with my hair. I was made fun of and it didn't feel good. I now have a daughter and those lessons helped me raise my daughter to know other peoples opinions of you aren't your responsibility and their opinions do not define you.

&#x200B;

My first award!!! Thank you so much, I am truly touched by your kindness:)

I’m humbled by everyones comments. Thank you.

Post: I sprayed WD-40 in a kid's eyes because he wouldn't let me go to his birthday party
Top Comment: Robert probably doesn't see you either you blinded him.

Post: I sleep on a stolen mattress every night. (Apparently I need at least fifty characters in the title so I just put this here)
Top Comment: You stole some furniture, by the sounds of the situation the school had bigger problems. Like lawsuit problems lol

Post: I paid someone to write papers for me during my last year of college.
Top Comment: I used to write college papers for money. Haha.

Post: I lit a large fire in my neighborhood when I was a kid.
Top Comment: Wow reminds when I was I was walking to school and was playing with matches in an earlier grade. Maybe 3rd. Started a grass fire next to a house tried to stamped it out. Failed. Ran next door to get water hose. Put it out and quickly left the scene. Chose to walk home a different route that day. What is it about kids and fire.

Post: [Light] Sometimes I'll take a couple Benadryl just because I'm bored and would rather be asleep than deal with life's monotony.
Top Comment: I just like it because if i take two of what I’m prescribed, I fall asleep within 15 minutes, and wake up like 12 hours later. It’s my “temporary suicide” as I call it

Post: I stole thousands of pounds worth of food due to an exploit.
Top Comment: At what shop was this, Asda, Sainsbury’s etc?

Post: I am getting high on cocaine and doing schoolwork.
Top Comment: How fuckin rich do you have to be to use coke for casual homework

Post: I stole a can of sloppy joe
Top Comment: [removed]

Post: I stayed in hotels for free by signing people up for spam emails
Top Comment: And that's why I put "do not have" in the email field during check-in. When the receptionist acts surprised, I tell them with a straight face that I do not use email. But I still want my wi-fi code.

Post: I lied about going to a funeral just to get a day off
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I'm 14 and accepted a ride from a complete stranger earlier
Top Comment: In the future take a pic of the back of the vehicle and text it to your friend and let them know you are hitching a ride. This will give police a massive headstart to find you if anything ever happens.

Post: I put a piece of gum under the table at the security checkpoint at Buckingham Palace
Top Comment: They’re waiting for you to submit your DNA to 23&Me

Post: I Made My Mom Think She Broke Her Own Glass Table On Accident.
Top Comment: Gotta appreciate the acting skills required to pull of such clutch moments

Post: my friend and I pretended to collect money for church so we could buy buckets
Top Comment: Am I missing something?  Is bucket slang for something?  I’m picturing a couple of kids getting really hyped up to buy a shitload of pails and building a massive sand castle.

Post: I go to two different dunkin donuts depending if I want hot or iced coffee. They both know me and my order by heart when I walk in. It would be too awkward to change my order on them now.
Top Comment: Speaking as a barista (although not at Dunkin), I pride myself on remembering everyone's drinks and sometimes even starting them while they are standing in line but I am not at all upset when they go for something different instead! We want people to have what they want. 

Post: I did the YMCA with a hospice patient's arms while she was unresponsive
Top Comment: I was caring for an old lady in her last few days. Her grand-daughter visited. I asked what music her grandma liked. She said Frank Sinatra. I put on the CD. The first song comes on. 
'and now... The end is near... And so I face..  the final curtain' 
I was mortified. Suggested I skip to the next song... We did laugh though.

Post: I have been a drug/alcohol addict for the last 3 years and I've told no one
Top Comment: welcome to reddit - you’re not alone in this

Post: I paid rent in cash and then re stole the money from my landlady
Top Comment: She knew, I'm sure and not to make you feel worse, but people don't typically rent out their extra rooms unless they need the income to help cover high cost bills that they're struggling with like their mortgage, medical care/treatments, providing for a family member in some way, etc...

Might not hurt to consider remedy your taking advantage of that woman in order to cover your own financial mistakes. A letter of apology and a check for what you owe her, maybe?

Post: I stole towels from a small hotel even after the hotel owner showed us incredible kindness
Top Comment: U can still make it right

Post: When I was a kid I carved my sister's name into the inside door of our parent's car, blamed her for it and got away.
Top Comment: Now she's probably gonna see this post and think "That little cunt".

Post: I stole a Halloween costume from Walmart for my son
Top Comment: As an ex cashier and manager at walmart for 7 yrs.  Don't feel too bad.  There were plenty of times I saw people steal and sometimes I let them..  Once A mother buying house hold goods and groceries had the bag of cat food sitting on a little girl's winter coat.  Another time a Mom bought $200 worth of school clothes and supplies.  She had 2 boys (not with her) The two backpacks she got were stuffed with brown paper.  She got nervous when I went to take it out for her. She started to say something and I zipped it back up.  I knew that both backpacks had a pair of shoes in them under the stuffing.  

Sometimes it's ok. Plus it just gets written off in claims.  But even for things like a Halloween costume something that isn't necessary but brings joy and allows them to fit in with friends shouldn't be something to hate yourself for.  

Go easy on yourself Mama.

Post: i lapsed on c*caine after being 2 years clean. This sucks.
Top Comment: Same thing you did last time, pick yourself up, dust yourself off... One. 2years will be back in no time

Post: Ive been teaching the dog to open doors to annoy my cousin.
Top Comment: You’ve made a demon of a dog 

Post: My mom stopped singing because of me
Top Comment: Open up to her, tell her that you miss her singing. Trust me if anything will get her to sing again. it’s her kid telling her they misses it. Just a thought. 

Edit: spelling 

Post: In high school, I stole my friend’s parents car & took it for a joyride. Then we ditched it in the hood, with the keys in the ignition & someone else got arrested for stealing it instead of me.
Top Comment: "I swear officer! I found it!"

Post: I lied about seeing a bear to get into the newspaper
Top Comment: Thanks to you, somewhere in the woods this conversation occurred, 

"I thought I told you to stay away from the village?!"

"But mom, I never went there!!"

"Go to your den now!"

Post: In private/my residence, I (34M) live my life as a woman.
Top Comment: Congratulations to you for being brave enough to live your life how you want, even if it's just in private. Good on you.

Post: i scammed someone for $2500 of bitcoin and I gave it back to him
Top Comment: You did the right thing in the end. And very few people on your shoes would have. Hopefully, he learned a lesson as well and will be more careful, too. 

It’s not the mistakes we make that define us. It’s how we rectify them.

Post: I'm dying
Top Comment: I'm very sorry. Life is fucked, and I appreciate this wake up call. I hope the remainder of your time is as wonderful as possible. 

Post: I am one week sober from alcohol and weed but I can't tell anyone because no one knows I had a problem to begin with
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I eat customer's leftover food at work and the worst part is my excuse...
Top Comment: tbh i dont blame you.

have never done it before, but once when i was little, i heard a waitress’s stomach growl and i purposefully left some of my food for her to eat.  

Post: I'm a 31 year old woman and for the first time, I made the mistake of trusting my fart. It was a shart. A big one.
Top Comment: This happens to us all eventually. If you get to your 50s and someone says it never happened to them, I wouldn't trust them.

Post: I gave my sister weed when she was 12 and she ended up on heroin.
Top Comment: Trauma is the gateway drug. What your sister needs is compassion and therapy. You're not responsible for that.

Post: i put the lemons with the most seeds in the drinks of customers that are rude to me
Top Comment: That's actually quite funny. 

Such a small evil thing.

Post: I sold a pair of fake Jordan’s to a kid and now I can’t sleep
Top Comment: You literally can undo it though... Just send the money back?

Post: When I was a teen pretended to play fight a girl so I could touch her
Top Comment: I think your more grievous sin is your flagrant lack of punctuation.

Post: I keep replacing the packs of uncooked cookie-dough in the freezer because I know my roommate has been stress recently and they help to have on hand.
Top Comment: My wife and I would get a costco sized tub of cookie dough.  At first we would bake a couple of cookies each and call it good.

But then my wife lost her job.  2 cookies each became 3 to 4 .  Soon we were splitting a bakers dozen.  By the end we were just eating spoonfuls out of the tub.

Raw cookie dough is definitely a gateway dessert.

Post: When I was 11 I put a tack pin side up on the bathroom mat in my friends bathroom..
Top Comment: Lmaoo did you tell your buddy??

Post: I never took 12th grade English
Top Comment: My English 102 class in college and had a guy teaching who was retiring after the semester so he ran out of fucks.  No attendance, movies in class every day with no assignments.  He even had what movies we were watching each day on the schedule so you could show up if he was playing something you wanted to see.  My final was a 2 page essay about anything I wanted.  No idea how I got the credit for that.

Post: I used to flatten my parents tires so they couldn't take me to school
Top Comment: how many flats did your parents think people get in one year?

Post: I lied to my parents about graduating from college.
Top Comment: A couple years into college, I dropped out of a very expensive school that my parents were paying for. The shame and guilt of that decision stayed with me for a long time (they knew about it). I was also depressed and burnt out and listless and ended up in a psych ward for severe suicidal thoughts. They took away my belt. 

Your mom sounds like the kind of mom most people would kill to have. She might be angry at first, but she’s going to love you no matter what. Tell your parents, they’ll understand. Even if it takes them a few months, you’ll at least have your parents back in your corner.

But don’t do just do it for your parents. Do it for yourself. So you can finally move on with your life. A few years after my first complete failure at college, I enrolled in a local community college, which I didn’t tell anyone about because it felt like such a step down from the school I had dropped out of. But I loved it. I loved the classes and the professors and the low pressure. I got my AA and then immediately went to a 4 year state university (also far less prestigious but so much more fun and free, with professors who were there for me) to get my BA. Then my MA. Two decades later, fully into my career, I’m thinking about going back to get my second masters.

You sound smart. Depression doesn’t go away overnight, I know that. But failing out of college once doesn’t have to be your story. It’s not mine.

Post: When my boyfriend sends me a message with something like "I love you" or "❤️", I ignore it...
Top Comment: Tell him that, so instead of ignoring him, he just sends you more messages so youll always have an I love you on your screen

Post: Counterfeit money to get quarters from change machine
Top Comment: The vending machine at my school would malfunction if you put a 20 in it 

Not only would it give you your 20 back, it would give you a dollar in change and still give you your soda

Post: I convinced my parents to get a divorce
Top Comment: Actually, I have to say I am impressed by your handling of the situation. I know a lot of kids that age that would go to ruins because of a situation like that. Instead, you solved it in the most responsible way, a way your parents should should've taken years before from what I can tell. 

So you may have used a little manipulation but you did it for the right reasons. Honestly, I am impressed.

Post: Faked a sore throat and had my tonsils cut out
Top Comment: I almost had my appendix removed because I was faking stomach pains to get out of doing things

Post: When I was in the 6th grade, I stole about $300 worth of books from my school book fair.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: Got fed up one day, so I made up a fake book title for my reading log called "The Lucky Leprechaun". Teacher still gave me full credit.
Top Comment: TLDR:  Your teacher didn’t care. 

Teacher here: Book logs are such BS. Forcing kids to read makes many hate it. In my experience, I had the kids who loved reading, and who told me all about their books with no prompting, and others who forged the whole log. Either kids are intrinsically motivated, or they are not. Teachers do not know every book in existence, and I have enough to do already without researching the books that 65 middle school kids claim to be reading. That whole program was BS, thank heavens we no longer do it.

Post: When I was a preteen I stole a towel full of quarters from my best friend.
Top Comment: As a kid who also grew up in a food unstable house hold and would go many days without eating... finding 20 bucks when I was outside instantly made me cry because I knew it meant I could eat that night as well as my family. Feeding a starving child takes precedence over a few dollars your friend wouldnt have missed.

Post: I flick cigarettes back into people's cars if they are stopped
Top Comment: Pisses me off when they flick out their cigs while driving and I'm behind them on my motorcycle.

Post: Whenever I turn my back on a customer, I immediately drop my smile and roll my eyes.
Top Comment: Same.  Worked in the restaurant  industry for over a year and that is my go to when in irritated lol

Post: The money for snacks I sell at work go into my own pocket
Top Comment: When I worked at Starbucks, rather than throw out the old pastries, I’d bag them up and give them to the homeless people on the walk home.

Post: I lied about being homeless to avoid paying for a permanent tooth i made a friend lose
Top Comment: A friend of mine knocked out a tooth of mine back in elementary school. Luckily in germany everything that happens on campus is the responsability of the school, so their insurance had to pay for it. I honstly dont think either of our parent would have been able to afford a new tooth.

Post: I stole 40 chocolate gold coins from a candy store and bought another 20
Top Comment: > "when I was a kid" ... "went home and ate them with my cousin while paying minecraft "

Fuck I'm old

Post: It is really annoying me that everyone is being so sympathetic about this missing girl in my home town
Top Comment: [removed]

Post: I'm a 20 year old female art student and I asked my male friend to pose for me for an art project. Even though he could have posed in swim shorts, I asked him to pose nude for me just so I could see him naked.
Top Comment: When I was in college, a friend of mine asked me to model nude for her. I agreed, and jokingly said "I'll pose naked, as long as you're naked when you draw me." I never expected her to say yes. 

When we both realized the other was serious, we laid down ground rules, such as no expectations of sex, and we had to maintain at least a semi-professional environment. She showed up at my place, we both unceremoniously stripped, and after a few mutual compliments, she went to work. We took breaks, we ate lunch, all nude. It went so well, she kind of put me on retainer. Whenever she needed a nude model, we'd meet and spend an afternoon naked together. We got very comfortable with each other.

Post: I got caught masturbating by my friend’s little brother while at her house
Top Comment: Well that kids spank bank is filled for the next 20 years lol

Post: I backed into a car in high school and actively denied it when confronted
Top Comment: I did this once in college.

My roommates boyfriend was staying over and her boyfriend has parked his car partially covering the driveway by about 4 feet.

I was in a hurry to get to work and normally not expecting a car to be blocking me, I hit his car on the back side right rear panel.

I didn't really think anything as it was just a small impact.

Apparently it left a dent and he was pissed asking me about it. I shrugged it off and said I didn't know.

I do still think about it till this day, but karma already got me, so I guess all is well.

Post: I use to fake my parents signature on tests in school
Top Comment: Curious how old you are. If you are still in school, I can understand the guilt. But most adults would probably laugh because in the grand scheme of things cheating in 8th grade just doesn’t matter. (Hope this doesn’t come off as patronizing)

Post: I plagiarized on my last term paper of my Bachelor degree.
Top Comment: If it’s really bothering you that much then why don’t you just do the rewrites and then contact your professor and say “hey, I was clearing out files on my computer to save on my external drive and discovered I submitted a draft rather than the final paper. I would be more than happy to submit the correct file if needed as I continued to work rewrites. Sorry for any inconvenience.”
This gives you an out if you do get busted for plagiarism and helps you clear your conscience. If the professor flags it you have an out either way.

Post: I anonymously called my boss in the middle of the night for almost a year.
Top Comment: I had a friend who worked in IT many years ago as a programmer.  Occasionally he would get calls in the middle of the night because something in production went wrong.  If he then came in late or something, his boss would give him some crap about being late--she gave him no credit for being woken up for work in the middle of the night.

So finally, one evening he got a call (fairly early...like 10pm or something). He fixed it pretty easily over the phone (this was before remote access), but then he set his alarm clock for 3:30am.  At 3:30 his alarm went off, and he called his boss and said "this system is down and I'm not sure I can fix it, what should I do?"  Then he called his boss back at like 4:15am and told her it was fixed.

That morning, he was in on time...and so was his boss, but she was all bleary eyed and looked miserable.  She never gave him a hard time again.

Post: When I was 13/14 years old, I had trouble accepting I was gay so I masturbated to guys and at the last moment I would climax to a woman so it "wouldn't be gay".
Top Comment: Did you declare "no homo" afterwards too, just in case?

Post: I ordered security key for vending machine at our workplace
Top Comment: You should have gone the other way - come in on the weekend and fill in empty spots with pepsi products and granola bars.  Freak out the guy coming in to restock it.

Post: Supposed to be working from home but just did nothing most of the week
Top Comment: Very relatable. But I went back to the office for a day, and reflected on how I did almost less that day.

Post: I used to steal from the Scholastic book fairs
Top Comment: I volunteered at a book fair at my kids school a few years ago, keep in mind the area was very mixed as far an incomes.  We were told that if we saw a kid stealing a book to look the other way.  Apparently the PTA had a fund to cover it.  The thought was, if a kid wanted a book that badly they would most likely read it and if they were reading then it was all good.

Post: I once pushed an elderly lady down the stairs because she noticed me and my friends do something bad
Top Comment: r/confession when someone makes a confession

Post: I stabbed my classmate on the head with a pencil when I was in kindergarten
Top Comment: In my primary we had something call the “curtesy award” it’s was a badge given out every Monday to the best child in the class. 

I got this badge and immediately stabbed another peer with the pin and got it taken off me... didn’t get it again for another 5 years

Post: When I was in middle school, I was so heavily bullied that even the kid with cancer got in on it.
Top Comment: People with cancer can be assholes too.

Post: Bought gum with my dad’s money without telling him, threw it away hidden in one of my most prized possessions
Top Comment: Crazy how we can hold to such memories. I love the specificity of this one, tells a lot about you in a small moment

Post: I sometimes ID women to give them a boost.
Top Comment: That's really sweet.



Post: I broke into a bank-owned house and stole things ...
Top Comment: Honestly, the items in the house would probably have either been thrown away or taken by whomever was responsible for disposing of them. Who cares.

However, you were indirectly responsible for some pretty major property damage. Good lesson in how your actions can have completely unforseen consequences.

Post: I threw a trash can off of a roof in middle school and hit somebody
Top Comment: I was wondering how the fuck that happened! I still have a dent in my head you fucker!

Post: As a Caddie, I Once Stole Money from an Older Gentleman
Top Comment: I wouldn't say this is stealing. This is just the other guy giving you a tip as well.

Post: I drugged a co-worker and he can't tell anyone
Top Comment: No one likes a W

Post: I stole $45,000 from my former employer and think I am morally justified
Top Comment: Why do you think people never investigate financial crimes? There is literally an entire field dedicated to finding it. Forensic accounting and auditing.

Post: I put peanut butter in my friend's drink thinking she was lying about her allergy.
Top Comment: Jesus Christ

Post: My first two tattoos on human skin (other than my own) were on two 13-year-old children (not mine)
Top Comment: This is the quality content I'm here for.

Post: I stole a lot of cigarettes from my dad.
Top Comment: I think most teenager smokers have done this. My nan was a secret(not so secret very badly hidden, who waters the plants at 10pm?!)smoker and we found her stash and would pinch one or two when we were round because we were skint then use our pocket money to randomly put a 10box back when we could.
When we were adults and my grandad passed she would smoke and we admitted to it she said she couldn't understand what was going on and thought it was my grandad just helping her lol. If he's still around and still smoking, buy him a box occasionally.

Post: I can get free McDonald’s meal any time without paying anything.
Top Comment: Don’t update the app

Post: My friend and I burned down a house when I was a kid
Top Comment: Shit this better be a alt account arson in some states has no statue of limitations

Post: Found $760. Didn’t return it even though i knew who lost it.
Top Comment: I had this happen once. I was mowing a friend's lawn for some extra money and found a wad of bills on the street. Turned out it was $1,000 even. I really needed the money at the time and I was really tempted to keep it, so I decided that if it was his I'd return it to him and if not it was mine now since I didn't know any of his neighbors or anything. Finished up the lawn and was chatting to him and he mentioned he was stressing because he'd withdrawn money for rent and then dropped it somewhere. I whipped it out of my pocket and made his day, but was a little bummed that I still had to come up with MY bills money.

Post: I told my school my mom died in Afghanistan. She then did a surprise visit on leave to the school.
Top Comment: Similar thing happened to me but the opposite way...

My mom died when I was 8 and word got around my elementary school and all the kids were asking me if it was true 

I denied it.  I said she was alive and that it was all made up.  It was right around the time of mother day and I remember that the teacher had us making cards to give to our moms when one of my classmates said “ what about michael. His mom died “ and I jumped up and said “ no she’s not. She’s alive!”

After class my teacher pulled me aside and asked me why I was denying her death , I continued with the lie that she was alive until they called my dad to confirm that in fact she was dead 

Looking back it’s extremely cringy to think about but just like in your situation Op, I think it was a coping mechanism that got out of hand

Post: I spiked the entire offices coffee supply with decaf coffee beans and told nobody.
Top Comment: Just don't do that the other way around. My dad drinks decalf because he has a heart condition and caffeine can kill him.

Post: I know that my husband has sex with other women.
Top Comment: Get yourself tested for STDs

Post: I’m a liar but only in one tiny, stupid regard. I say “I just woke up” all the time when I absolutely did not
Top Comment: This is almost entirely harmless, but it sounds like the root of it might be a lack of self confidence. Maybe you could give yourself a break and reframe seeng yourself "awkward" into natural or authentic.

Post: I threw mangoes on my neighbours house and it got all stained
Top Comment: I always knew it was you and your cousin! I’m on my way over to settle the score!

Post: We bribed a kid in our high-school to take the blame for an adult video cassette.
Top Comment: That's funny as shit!  Back in those days, my brother got a "tape" stuck in the VCR, and had to shamefacedly take it to be repaired.  He said when he picked it up, a couple people came out of the back of the shop to laugh at him.

He said the title of the tape was "Aunt Jemima spanks the naughty white boys", which I'm sure is made-up bullshit, but it WAS pretty funny, if horrifying by modern standards.

Post: I lied: I did give you the slice of pizza that dropped on the ground.
Top Comment: I got a laugh from the title but as I read on I just got sad. Sorry man.

Post: [No Regrets] I bought a rooster just to piss off my neigbors
Top Comment: 10/10 approve. As a flock owner I️ concur this an acceptable cock move ❤️

Post: I used a corporate "emergency" credit card for 3 years on small things for myself.
Top Comment: They keep shit like that in their back pocket to fire ur ass if they disapprove of your performance in the future

Post: When I was 11, my dad’s girlfriend’s 22 year old son used to regularly beat my dad up to a bloody pulp in-front of me. I’m 30 now, and I’m still haunted by it..
Top Comment: Holy fuck dude.  So sorry to read this.  Do you have an option to speak with a therapist to help you process this?

Post: I was mean to one of the only people who were nice to me in High School
Top Comment: Contact her and be honest with her like you did here. 
Good luck.

Post: I was relieved when my ex cheated on me so I didn't have to stay in contact with their kid.
Top Comment: Does your current spouse want kids or is he just fond of them? I can't see the relationship lasting if it's the former. 

Post: In High School I plagiarized a paper from the internet and submitted it via Turnitin.
Top Comment: I once plagiarized myself after suspecting my professor didn't read our papers. I didn't even change the date so I had plausible deniability of "accidentally printing the wrong file." I received an A 2 weeks in a row on the same paper.

Post: I work for an ice cream store. If a customer is rude, I purposely give them less than what they asked for or tell them we’re out of the topping they want even though I have more in the back.
Top Comment: That's honestly what they deserve. As long as you're not spitting in their ice cream or something like that 

Post: In Year 12 I lied to my science teacher, saying I handed in an assignment that I never even started. I ended up getting a B+ on it.
Top Comment: Man, you are lucky! I handed a major assignment in, but the teacher made me re-do it because she had lost it lol. Now, I take pictures of everything to keep as evidence.

Post: As a kid, i stole military equipment from not so abandoned military base
Top Comment: This is 100% Eastern Europe.

Post: The first time I drove by myself after getting my license, I had a minor accident but never ever told anyone - not even the driver of the other car 👀.
Top Comment: That's actually really impressive tf

Post: I give away food when my managers not looking
Top Comment: Pro tip: Keep track of as much as you can and waste what you think should be recorded! 

Most crew will hold off during busy hours and waste things later as to not waste time, get into the "habit" of doing this and just waste what you might give away. For example, for upgrading fries, maybe waste a medium or a large fry, say there were some that werent good anymore. Waste a few drink cups, they fell on the floor. 

What they catch onto is things not being recorded, so if its accounted for in waste, not an issue! Unless this is too much of a hassle like if the managers keep waste sheets. We post ours for crew. 

Post: When I'm pissed at my brother I dump small amounts of glitter on his bed.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: Stole a girls money on picture day.
Top Comment: Im sure she's still pretty pissed off about it... I'd definitely use caution about fessing up...

Post: I got hired at McDonalds with the intent of doing the bare minimum and intending on getting fired
Top Comment: Sounds like they beat you at your own game and they played the long game and won!

Post: I gave away a bunch of free stuff so I didn't have to deal with customer complaints.
Top Comment: I hate people. Its one thing to complain but people are such dicks while doing it. If I have to complain about something I still try yo be courteous to the person Im asking. Some people need to be wacked with a bat.

Post: I'm a psychologist who wasn't able to help one child, and it has broken me
Top Comment: Is the mother in therapy as well? If she is not seeking counselling odds are that she is sabotaging him without even realizing it.

Post: [Light] I crashed a brand new Ford Mustang at a test drive event hosted by Ford
Top Comment: Don't feel too bad, OP. A writer for Jalopnik got kicked out by GM brass after accidentally crashing a new Camaro at an event they were hosting.

Also- at a Chevrolet dealership I used to be a mechanic at, the kid they hired to be the used car tech smashed a pristine, low-mileage Corvette Z06 that was a former factory demonstrator and GM executive staff car before we got it. 

It was a sad sight. Hood and fenders crunched, aluminum engine cradle bent back into the front of the engine, front suspension completely destroyed. The left front shock was bent back into an L-shape, while the left front wheel hung limply from the lower ball joint- the only thing left holding the wheel to the car. 

That was the last straw- he was fired the next day. We had problems with this kid before. The only reasons he lasted as long as he did was because his family was friends with the service manager's family, and the new general manager was clueless about his prior track record.  

Post: My job is to flirt with guys and make them feel nervous so that my boss can buy their projects for less money.
Top Comment: This is extremely common in software sales for large systems. Works well, too. Only problem: it's not really a long term career choice...

Post: I walked 2 miles with half ounce of weed up my butt cheeks.
Top Comment: Ok i laughed, here have an updoot. 🥳

Post: I hit a kid on the top of his head as hard as I could
Top Comment: Unfortunately it's the kid's parents you should have hit hard as fuck. But hey... Life lesson about actions and consequences I suppose.

Post: I auctioned off my virginity
Top Comment: So virginity at 18 is a late bloomer...the more you know

Post: I stole over £1500 in LEGO from Toys'R'Us in 6 months
Top Comment: How did your parents not notice? That’s a lot of Lego.

Post: When I worked as a valet as a teenager, I chipped the paint on a $90K car and never reported it. Later when I gave it back to him he tipped me $20…
Top Comment: I’ve done the same. Was about a decade ago now. Working overnight. Had to bring this ridiculously oversized truck out of a garage with 2cubic feet pillars that were about 8ft high. 

Long story short it was extremely hard to maneuver out of the space and through the pillars. Back side ended up scraping a bit. 

When I returned, the owner wasn’t back yet. I ran in the doorman closet and grabbed some shoe polish. Splotched it on there. Told my foreman at the time. 

Shit you not, 2 weeks go by and the guy calls saying he sees a scrape that looks like someone covered up with a sharpie. He told MOD that we were the best guys he’s valeted with so he was confused. MOD uses his own words against him and said “…if it was one of my guys they for sure would have told me” 

Shout out to my manager that day. Sorry for the truck being little scratched tho.

Post: I left a job, and then I changed everyone’s passwords.
Top Comment: I did something like this many years ago. I worked IT for a small local business and the owner who used to be my friend was cool but when his business partner came along, it changed everything. They both were assholes to me. I was 1-man show and when I got a better job, I told the owner that I am resigning. His response: "oh good, it was getting hard to keep paying you." 

No one had my knowledge there and I had remote access to the on-prem server. I deleted all AD accounts and changed the server password and rebooted. This was all done after business hours of course. I knew he would not report me because he ran a debt collection agency and he was stealing A LOT of money from clients to pay for his stripper whores. The business partner did call me but I told him to fuck off. Felt so good.

Post: Stopped caring at my fast food job, and if you’re nice to me I’ll hook you up with a lot of free food snuck into your order
Top Comment: My boss once gave a guy extra meat in his lamb sandwich because the dude had a great beard 

Post: I told a guy that my trazodone would get him high so he would leave me alone
Top Comment: So you roofied a guy before he roofied you. 🫣

Post: I stole thousands of dollars worth of makeup from Sephora and I regret it
Top Comment: If it bugs you like that just get rid of the stolen merchandise and move on. If you've changed the behavior the guilt will fade once you aren't confronted with the evidence all around you. Anything that's reusable like bags or clothing you should donate to a shelter, turn it into a Robinhood moment, and let someone who needs it reap the benefits of your bad behavior.

Post: I bullied someone with 2 “friends” when I was in second grade and I regretted it.
Top Comment: Being in the fat kids spot, the “I have no friends and people are still picking at me” spot, I can’t help but feel angry towards you. But also forgiving. You see your wrongdoing. You see how you’ve fucked up. And that hurts you just as bad as you hurt that kid. Just know that the rest of life is like this. When you hurt someone you will eventually and inevitably feel this hurt. It sounds like you grew from the experience. God knows he did. I hope you keep growing. I know you will. 
Ps. Don’t beat yourself up over this. We all do stupid things we regret. The point (which I’m sure you’ve figured out) is that kindness spreads itself like wildfire, where ill intent just sets fire to yourself. Cheers mate, you learned something worthwhile.

Post: when it’s cold enough and smoke comes out when you breath, i still pretend i’m a dragon.
Top Comment: It’s not smoke but I do the same thing. 

Post: I was mean to a child while at work over 20 years ago and I still think about it
Top Comment: When I was about 8, I remember this one girl that everyone picked on (and I had contributed a few times). We were in line at lunch and she was ahead of me. It was my birthday that day.

She looked at me with a big friendly smile and said “hey! It’s your birthday! Go ahead of me!”

I felt like the biggest piece of shit ever. Hell, right now as I type this, a 24 year old man, I’m tearing up. 

Anyways, OP, I feel like I relate to this a little. I often find myself crying about things like that. Wishing I knew if she was ok now. Hoping that she’s confident and living a better life than she was at the time.

Post: When I was 10, I vandalised the school bathrooms in red pen and blamed it on someone else.
Top Comment: Jordan?

Post: I went to ER with fake name to avoid paying
Top Comment: You scammed the biggest, most successful scammers in recorded human history. Good on you.

Post: We are planning a gender reveal for our baby but I know the gender
Top Comment: As a father of three, I can promise you shutting the hell up is one of the most valuable skills you can learn. There are going to be lots of things you can't or shouldn't say and if you do, the consequences can be dire, ie lost relationships. Take this opportunity to practice. The ability to keep a secret translates into being the dad your kids can come to when they need someone to talk to without fear. It's worth it.

Edit. Wow. Thanks everyone for the upvotes and awards. Never had any before.

Post: I had my phone sing me Happy Birthday and cried
Top Comment: Dead serious, pm me and I'll give you my number and sing Happy Birthday To You. 

Post: I cleaned the family shed and accidentally threw away some very expensive shoes...
Top Comment: Don't worry my grandpa threw away a 45k lamp and didn't know. Till this day we still laugh about it

Post: I shat myself
Top Comment: That's the kind of post that keeps me subscribed here

Post: I'm a peeping tom but instead of watching I listen and do the deed during
Top Comment: Sometimes you just gotta vent

Post: I used to work at a stadium as a beer hawker, I would steal the 24 beers and sell for profit
Top Comment: Eh, i'd rather the $11 spent on a bud light go to a broke 23 year old than a multi-billionaire team owner.

Post: I disabled appliances in my house because my landlord refused to pay for oil she used.
Top Comment: I'm impressed you had friends that came and helped you clean up a whole house and organize things. My friends would never do that. They may help me move a package or a couch, but never clean a whole house

Post: Took a shit outside of girls house I was banging, and her landlord stepped in it.
Top Comment: Man okay, jacuzzi jizzer, track ball ass guy, now this. what the fuck, why is the subreddit filled with weirdos

Post: I kept charging my mom and brothers credit cards in college
Top Comment: You've got good family. Just remember that whenever they need help or a favor.

Post: I stole some of my grandma's weed about a year ago.
Top Comment: U owe granny a doobie

Post: I still sleep with a teddy bear
Top Comment: That's sweet. Nothing at all to be ashamed of. Nobody should ever criticize anyone else's coping mechanisms as long as they don't harm anyone. Tex definitely doesn't harm anyone.

Post: I failed to stop a stranger from being raped...
Top Comment: Think about this. You reacted, or failed to. You did not act. If you had taken a more measured approach, you might have quietly observed, noted important info, and decided whether or not you could or should intervene. You might have gotten the plate or a photo, but saved the girl? Possible but unlikely. You might have gotten dead.

A lot of guys think that they can just roll up and save the day. But a lot of guys also do not have the violent tendencies that a rapist does. We think we do but we really don't. That rapist has chosen to raise the stakes higher that a normal civilised guy has. So you think you would be able to intervene but he has a plan to defend himself and you just have a bat and no situational awareness.

I am a smallish guy who hasn't been in a fist fight since high school (the 80s...) and I was able to intervene against a way bigger guy swinging a bat in December because he had no plan and I was calm and focused (I had an advantage of time to prepare mentally and he was just dumb). As soon as I saw him swing at another person, I knew he wasn't committed to the violent act and I could rush him. He recoiled when I didn't show fear and ran. That guy is not the kind of guy you might be up against committing rape. Rape on the street is not Bill Cosby rape. It's violent. It's psychotic. Dude is probably carrying a knife or gun and has rehearsed his response to a defender a thousand times in his deranged mind. He probably has drawn blood before. Stakes are way higher for him than rando dumbass picking a fight over pride. You might get lucky but you might get dead too.

The takeaway here is be the smart hero. Act, don't react. And be glad you aren't like that guy. It's what makes you better.

Edit: I wanted to add another anectdote. Only 3wks after the bat guy encounter, I had another similar one in which two joyriders rolled up on me and my gf on the street. We live in a relatively affluent neighborhood so we were not very attentive. The whole thing went down differently. I was not calm or in control. I knew if this went down, my girl was gonna get hurt. My concern/fear was evident im that split second I was face to face with one of the two men. He knew it and he delighted in it. We ended up running which was the right choice but I was pissed. That encounter juxtaposed to the first is what made me really think about acting vs reacting and situational awareness. I consulted some experts (friend who is a cop, another who is a self defense guru, and a psychologist) and my gf and I discussed how we could have avoided that encounter, deescalated it, and managed a physical confrontation if it came to blows. We have a plan and are more savvy now. That's where I am coming from in this comment.

Post: I'm blackmailing somebody.
Top Comment: How did you find out!? You cant not tell us now!

Post: My boss never approves my work if she thinks its a first draft...so now i lie
Top Comment: I've seen that too. Managers need to trust their people and force themselves to not correct or try to improve everything. It's hard, but it's healthier in the end.

Post: I used to run a " fake report card" cartel back in high school
Top Comment: I would let people copy my work in computer class for money. I'd copy the projects onto a thumbdrive and pass it around to my customers.

Post: I blackmailed a 26 year old man when I was 16
Top Comment: For a moment I thought you wanted to ask your 4chan friends to send you buttcarrot pics that you can forward. I mean it's 4chan. They'd most likely do it. 

Post: I stole money from my dad when I was a teenager
Top Comment: Maybe donate the amount stolen to a charity that deals with his illness.

Post: I let someone else take the blame for absolutely destroying the plumbing.
Top Comment: > I pondered why they didn't keep a plunger in their restroom. Do rich people only take really dainty poops?

I've wondered this too. I think it's a "minor" bathroom, not intended for "heavy-duty" bathroom usage, and they figure that anyone using it would... mind their poop manners, I guess, and not drop a clogging load? Or maybe they have faith in the suction of their plumbing? 

Why the frick do people not have plungers near any working flushing toilets is beyond me. I don't think it occurs to them that a clog could happen, and that *that* fact is, I guess, more or less absolute and immutable.

>  from what I heard they forced the kid's parents to reimburse them for the plumbing bill

Can... can they even do that? I'm sure the kids' parents just relented to get the HoityToity "we don't need no stinkin' plunger" Parents off their backs, but were it me, I'd say fuck no. Your plumbing, your problem; you agreed to host, you had to have been aware of what teenage football stars could intake and output. Now, if rules were in place that said "don't use that bathroom" and my child does just that, then yeah, I'd consider paying for damages. But the rule was not place, therefore, get thee fucked.

Post: I accidentally fed the entire school cupcakes and cookies with weevils.
Top Comment: [deleted]

Post: I stole from Lowes a few times and now I really regret doing so
Top Comment: I once accidentally stole a $3500 shed from Home Depot. 

I was working with a contractor to grade my yard, build a patio, etc. Part of the project was putting up a shed. I met him at Home Depot to pick it out and load it into his truck. He had bought lots of stuff from Home Depot using his pro account and I had been reimbursing him each week when he gave me receipts. 

At the end of the week I asked him “how much was the shed? Send over the receipt and I’ll reimburse you.”  He said “I don’t know - I thought you paid for it.” 

So either he or I stole the shed. Not clear which. 

I offered to go back to Home Depot and pay but he advised me that it’s never a good idea to go and admit to a crime, even an accidental one. Since he knew the GM of the store he went back, took care of the payment, got a receipt and a handwritten note from the GM stating the date and time the shed left the store, and that it was store error that the customer was not charged at that time. He stapled his business card to the note and the receipt and signed all 3. 

That was about 20 years ago and I still have that note just in case police come knocking about a stolen shed.

Post: I used to steal from my store when I was a manager at McDonalds
Top Comment: My sister in law worked at McDonald's. There was a huge bag of mini m&ms in her fridge. I would eat them and wonder where she got such a big bag. 

Started working at McDonald's at 16. That's where she got it from, lol.

Post: When I was in high school I stole a prize winning 4H potato from the State Fair.
Top Comment: As a former 4H kid, I am sad. Those silly projects often go to auction towards the end of the fair and many of those kids use those smaller projects to fund college or future businesses for themselves. It's honestly way more than just a potato, but an entire project with a lot of detail. I grew and sold perennials on the side to afford supplies for my main project that involved avian genetics, and I'm willing to bet that potato was funding for a larger, more complex project as well. 

4H and FFA kids get bullied so much for their interests. I'm not trying to guilt you, just shed some light on it. On the plus side, the community that supports those kids won't let them fail after a mishap like this. I would like to recommend attending one of the auctions at the next fair when Covid lets up, they're a lot of fun. Plus, you could totally drive up the bid price for some kid's funding project. ;)

Post: I told my parents I had to go back to university for 2 months for practicals even though they were cancelled to get away from home.
Top Comment: i hear ya! i’d do the same. enjoy the time away from them.

Post: I'm transgender.... but I despise the general fakeness and selfishness of almost every transgender person I've ever met
Top Comment: I'm a woman who has been repeatedly told by several transwomen that I don't know what it's like to be a woman because I didn't 'earn' it. I always say the same thing. If you wanna be a woman, go for it. But don't be a bitch.

Post: I stole from work
Top Comment: I'm sorry you are going through this.  Have you thought about contacting food pantries in your area?  There might be some, and there is no shame in using their services.

Also, you might qualify for food stamps.  Again, no shame in applying.

Where are you located?

My hope is that things get better for you soon.

Post: I stole the answer book when I was in 6th grade and never got caught.
Top Comment: Not trying to be snarky or anything, but how did you still fail the class if you had the answer book? Genuinely curious. Did you have a lot of in-class assignments or something?

Post: Lied to my parents(divorced) about why I didn't want to walk at my college graduation. They died 6 months later.
Top Comment: Seems like you are trying to do the right thing when you made that decision. Anyway I wish you the best.

Post: I threw a beer bottle at a car that blared music in the front of my apartment.
Top Comment: Guy I knew. 3rd floor apartment, sleeping. Taxi 4am comes outside sits on HORN BLASTING HONK HONK HOOOOOOOONK waiting for a person. Guy goes to his door launches half a breeze block at the car. Massive smashing sound as whole back window of the car is obliterated. Taxi screeches away. Silence returns.

You were lucky to get away with it at 7am plenty of eyes then.

But just so you know people do much worse haha.

Post: I was a substitute teacher and called an 8th grader a 'social media slut' and it still haunts me today
Top Comment: You screwed up. The proper term is social media *whore*.

Post: A few years ago i made fun of a girl for liking k-pop
Top Comment: I'm so happy to read that people care about the mean things they did in their past even though it might seem like a small thing. It makes it easier for me to forgive my past tormentors, knowing that they - like me - likely regret things that happened years ago.

Post: I lied about being assaulted solely for attention .
Top Comment: You've gotta tell your therapist about this. It's one of the things that's been weighing on you for YEARS. If she can't handle that information, or if her attitude towards you changes, then look for another therapist who can help you better. Seriously, OP, you've gotta tell her how much this has affected you.

Post: Boyfriend is a really deep sleeper and I often wake up hours before him. I play a game where I masturbate and cum as many times as possible before he wakes up. Never once gotten caught.
Top Comment: You want to give your bf the best morning of his life? *Let yourself get caught.* It'll be fun for you and straight out of a porn for him. 

Post: I lied about my mom being dead & I am racked with guilt.
Top Comment: >My life changed almost instantly  
>  
>I have learned so much about myself  
>  
>My mental health has improved drastically  
>  
>I don't tell lies anymore

You *were* sick and *now* you are getting better.  You have to choose if you are going to focus on what you *were* or who you *are* and are going to be?  The simple fact that you now feel shame proves that you have changed.  

I'm gonna come out of left field here and suggest you solve all of these concerns at once.  By explaining all of this to your mother.  She has to know where you were and how far you've come.  Tell her what you told us here, "I was in a really fucked up place and I told a horrible lie in an impulsive, desperate moment.  It was never about you, it was about a broken, selfish me and I feel terrible."  Admit to her that you carry this guilt and have for a long time.  Ask for her forgiveness.  

You are killing several birds with this stone:  

(1) Being proactive and diving in head first is going to give you the first word on this.  You will get to tell her these things at the same time she hears this rather than trying to explain yourself and just looking defensive.  

(2)  If she hears about it elsewhere, it's going to hurt more.  You could be protecting her.    

(3) There are no more secrets for anyone else to tell.  You can mark something off your list of greatest fears. 

(4) You would be making a huge step towards healing.  You cannot possibly enjoy the new you if you have this piece of the old you dragging you down.  You need to forgive yourself for this as you ask your mother for the same.  Making amends as a step toward recovery isn't just for AA.   

(5) You will be much more likely to continue your new honest ways if you aren't carrying a lie. You can wash yourself clean.  I have found that when there is one dish in the sink, it's easy to just leave others there.  If the sink is empty & shined, you are more likely to wash it & put it in the dishwasher.  If you're already carrying a lie, what's one more?  

(6) You can stop living under a shroud and live out the dreams you have.  

I am a mother and if I found out about this, it would hurt my feelings.  But if my child came to me, truly remorseful and humble enough to admit such a mistake, he would be proving that actually cares about those feelings.  It shows that he cares about my feelings more than he cares about his own.  (I think this is the at the root of your change.) . This means more than something he did when he was young & dumb and in a bad place.  

It's possible that she will be furious and angry and sad and tear you a new one and refuse forgiveness.  If that happens, I encourage you to take a good look at a person who refuses to forgive someone truly regretful & sorry.  You will know that you did everything you could to fix your mistake.  Hiding from the world isn't trying to fix it at all.  And again, it will *still* be less hurtful coming from you.

Post: I only married my wife so she wouldn't commit suicide
Top Comment: No one should guilt you into anything by threatening harm on themselves. Its abusive and will eventually mentally drain you if this marriage keeps going. If you don’t love her, that’s okay and don’t feel bad for not. It’s been three years since you got married, if you haven’t brought yourself up to love her , you just don’t love her. Everybody deserves to be happy. Maybe go to some kind of counselling with her or have serious sit her down and express how you felt about her guilt tripping you into a marriage and about her sucidal behaviour. She’s might be going through a very deep depression.

Post: When I was a kid (11 and younger), I vandalized my primary (elementary) school numerous times.
Top Comment: Thanks for sharing.  I didn’t get diagnosed until 38.  My psychologist was shocked that I had made it that far in life without knowing.

Life is better, now that I’m on meds but still something I have to remain aware of.  Trying to learn and apply meditation...helps a lot so far.

I’d say you are doing fine.

Post: As a kid, I lit a match and dropped it into a full postbox (UK)
Top Comment: The list of things we do that are unwise or unkind is directly related to childhood.
We haven't learnt about all the complicated webs of connection or, and especially this,consequences of our actions.
Each of us has a story to tell of retreat as kids.
Today you cringe at the memory and it's a normal response.
I think these are lessons to prepare us as adults.
As adults we hesitate to seek revenge for example, because we no the implications of that we understand it simply is not worth the effort or the worry.
So here you are today still feeling bad about a childhood prank.
Truelly you must forgive yourself and be sympathetic to that child you once were.
I have a friend who pit a sky rocket in a milk bottle and lite it, the bottle fell and the sky rocket went into another persons eye.
It was another example of how things go wrong.
I use to feel bad for him and how he felt and only hope he didn't feel responsible for the rest of his life.
All these things prepare us and help us understand empathy and to walk carefully through this life.
You don't need to carry this weight of a childhood experience forever and know what you learnt is worth it's weight in gold.
Forgive yourself and rid yourself of unnecessary guilt, you were a child and deserve to let this pass as an experience.
Now wrap up that memory and place it under experience not guilt.

Post: A woman asked me to buy her groceries, I accepted and then I ran away from her
Top Comment: You did nothing wrong. "Buy me groceries so I can eat" should probably mean buy me some basic staples for the next few days. Imagine being broke and buying red bull.

Probably a scam

Post: I took someone's food at Panera Bread because I was hungry and had no money.
Top Comment: Try and pay it forward when you can. Buy someone a meal or somethin.

Post: I’m admitting myself into a psychiatric ER tomorrow
Top Comment: I'm so proud of you for realizing and taking the initiative to get help. I know it's a hard thing to do, I've been struggling with myself to do it too. 

I hope you are able to find the help you're looking for and I wish you the best of luck, fellow human! Existence is hard, but I think you're doing a great job. 

Post: I have driven under the influence and I regret it.
Top Comment: That’s all you can do. Count yourself lucky and be glad you learned your lesson without harming yourself or others.

Post: Broke into my old house through the rooftop window
Top Comment: fuck your stepdad, he deserved it tbh

Post: Son beat up his bully and I'm glad he did it
Top Comment: Schools claim that they don't condone violence yet do little to prevent it. Either that or they go after the wrong kid. It's so infuriating.

Post: I lied about my favorite food for a couple of years
Top Comment: This is the stuff I come here for

Post: Stole a Tamagotchi out of my teachers desk when I was 8
Top Comment: Nothing wrong with saving a life

Post: I crop dust the old people at the pharmacy I frequent
Top Comment: Are the toots audible or is this a sbd situation?

Post: I regret joining a gang, and now I am not sure how to cut ties to these people.
Top Comment: Keep non suspiciously on the downlow and then go to college/uni in another country. Get yourself away completely plausibly. Still remain contactable (I know this sounds weird but it's less sus for them and better for you and your family), but be beyond the reach of helping them out. Eventually they'll lose interest.

Don't say your fam sent you away. Don't say anything they can easily check on. Saying you're working could be a bargaining opportunity for them- unless you're moving away for work. If you're in Australia go to New Zealand or vice versa. US-Canada. UK-aus or something. If you're in the EU move out of the EU. Go to another jurisdiction and you absolutely won't be worth following and they'll lose interest. If its somewhere with good security and difficult to sneak into like Japan, Singapore or the UK even better. (you can also use this as an excuse to not get involved). If they've asked why you've moved say some bollocks they'll accept- really awesome opportunity- you met a girl here- you've got family here- you want to make money for your fam ect

That's my best advice as someone who almost fell into the same hole many many moons ago.

Tell them you've got covid and then got long covid in order to stay away to stop getting sucked in while you're waiting (tell them you've got diorrhea as your main symptom too that'll keep em at bay). Still message them occasionally with whatevers normal but set up an indisputable- casual move. 

If you're really in the fuck man and you actually think someones gonna get hurt go sign yourself into the military and tell your family what's been happening.

Post: I wish we had never adopted this kid.
Top Comment: Wow - that is a lot...he sounds borderline sociopathic/psychopathic possibly (lack of empathy, hurting animals, sexually forward, lying and violent tantrums)...that can happen sometimes especially with older adopted kids where all they experienced from birth is abuse and emotional detachment...they themselves detach early on and its nearly impossible to switch them back on to where they can have empathy and people skills that extend beyond his own wishes. Has he ever cried??  I'd see a therapist in child behavior about this..he may require some strong meds and therapy meetings. Don't be discouraged in adoptions..not everyone of them is broken..I believe fully in adoption and applaud your brave determination. It can get trying - hang in there. 



Post: I used garlic and onions in a meal when I was strictly asked not to.
Top Comment: Maybe he farts a lot after eating them. 🤷‍♂️ 

Maybe she’s crazy.

Post: Me and my buddy stole hundreds of dollars worth of books in 5th grade from the book fair during lunch...
Top Comment: I grew up pretty poor and knew that if I had asked for money for the book fair my mom would say no. So I stole $20 thinking she wouldn't notice.. of course she did, and she when she confronted me she cried and said that it was for groceries and she had borrowed it :'( I felt so so bad

Post: My parents think im almost done with my degree, in reality im sitting on park benches everyday for almost 3 years.
Top Comment: Sign up for an online college so you can sit on a park bench and take classes instead of watching Netflix! Or tell them you decided academia isn’t for you but learn a trade instead! Anything’s better than wasting your life away day after day. Do something you won’t regret! 

Post: Stole over 50$ worth of Free sonic ice cream coupons in 1st grade
Top Comment: In r/confession we got murders, scandals and 80,000 of products. Then we got this savage

Post: I hid my field trip money in someone’s desk so they would get in trouble.
Top Comment: You deserved that

